I replaced my old one with this without a hitch.
This may help InSinkErator Model BADGER-1: Badger 1 1/3 HP Garbage Disposal PRODUCT DETAILS - Bellacor Number:309641 / UPC:050375000419 Brand SKU:500181
Plumbing connections will vary with different models. Usually the larger higher amp draw wil not affect the wiring, the disposals are designed to a basic standard setup common to all brands. They want you to buy their brand or version or model. As long as the disposal is UL listed, United Laboratories, they will setup and bolt up the same.
It does not come with a power cord. It does come with the dishwasher hookup.
Check if you dropped something inside.Usually my wife put lemons inside make a lot of noise and I will have to get them out using my hands or mechanical fingers .
on the bottom
If your garbage disposal is leaking out the bottom near the reset button, you most likely have a leak in the metal plate that is located directly under the blades. This plate is designed to protect the electrically powered parts of the motor (the rotor, the shaft, etc.) from moisture, but it is rather thin and is only made of galvanized steel. After a year or two, especially if you use highly acidic cleaners which you rinse down your sink, the zinc layer will corrode and expose the steel, which will then also start to corrode, until something hard eventually pokes some kind of hole through the plate somewhere (could be somewhere very small), signaling the end of the machine's service life. The plate is not meant to be repaired, only replaced along with the rest of the unit. That water is getting through to your rotor is an electrical hazard, and should be dealt with immediately (by removing the damaged unit). The manufacturer has figured out that the blades need to me made of stainless steel, but has chosen to skimp on making other interior parts of this more-expensive metal. Good luck!
I ttok mine off of the broken unit and installed it on the new one.
I replaced my a couple of months ago, I'm semi-handy fixing a lot of small stuff around the house. I'm small and in my late seventies, the only problem was holding the unit up in place while turning the locking ring. I no longer have the upper body strength to do it so I used a stack of books. Made sure all the connections were tight and have had so problems since. It clean and in good shape so I left the old badger mount in the sink. Took about forty min, but a lot of that was getting the books.
It fit the same as the one we replaced
Yes it will. The sink connector is even the same
yes, I did it with mine.
Not difficult as long as you have a helper or something to prop up the replacement as you screw it into place.
If I understand your present disposal 3 bolts the twist type should be no problem. When you order it is a bit confusing as to what comes with the disposal. When they show people often order some things when the get the disposal. You don't need any of those it all come with it the only thing you might need would be some different drain pipe but most likely you won't. I hope I was some help. Bill
If you mean the rubber collar that is visible when looking at the drain, with the rubber flaps, then yes it does.
yes.
I'm looking for the same item because I have a small espresso machine that has a footprint much smaller than the smallest burner. Is there anything that's on the market for such an issue? Glass tops are a pain.
I use the Nordic on all size electric burners. It instructs to turn the heat to medium after achieving full heat. This is important to prevent warping. Only one per pkg. Beware - treated with something that smells terrible until it burns off.
yes it can.i use it on my grills side burner to slow boil leftover marinades and veggies.
This is purportedly for all heat sources. Heat is heat and the heat WILL distort this sooner or later. My stove was electric and the first time I used it, it warped. If you want to hammer it out after using it, give it a shot. Heat diffusers are a good thing for cooking, particularly on an electric stove which is notorious for hot spots. It's warped but I still use it.
I don't see how it could be used that way, no. I ordered one for that same purpose assuming it was a solid plate, but this is a stamped steel disc with a raised rim for it to slip over a conventional burner. The only way I could see it working on an induction cooktop would be to place it upside down and then use a pan or pot that is smaller than the raised rim.
this is a flat diffuser for a burner. it distributes heat evenly and prevents thinner steel pans from scorching. can be used for toasting tortillas, not for other direct food applicatioms. pots and pans only.
Yes, I think it should be fine. I've been using mine on a gas stove with no problems.
maybe a single electric burner?
It is my understanding that these were made for standard electric and gas burners. As they are metal I do not think they would work for induction cooktops. My suggestion would be to contact the induction top manufacturer for an expert answer. Sincerely, C. Dalzell
Probably, and maybe too much. I use mine to prepare small batches of sauce (experimental stuff) and it's hot enough, even with the gas on low on my middle size burner, to get a slow boil. I would not recommend a glass carafe, personal preference, but a metal type.
I'm looking for the same item because I have a small espresso machine that has a footprint much smaller than the smallest burner. Is there anything that's on the market for such an issue? Glass tops are a pain.
I use the Nordic on all size electric burners. It instructs to turn the heat to medium after achieving full heat. This is important to prevent warping. Only one per pkg. Beware - treated with something that smells terrible until it burns off.
yes it can.i use it on my grills side burner to slow boil leftover marinades and veggies.
This is purportedly for all heat sources. Heat is heat and the heat WILL distort this sooner or later. My stove was electric and the first time I used it, it warped. If you want to hammer it out after using it, give it a shot. Heat diffusers are a good thing for cooking, particularly on an electric stove which is notorious for hot spots. It's warped but I still use it.
I don't see how it could be used that way, no. I ordered one for that same purpose assuming it was a solid plate, but this is a stamped steel disc with a raised rim for it to slip over a conventional burner. The only way I could see it working on an induction cooktop would be to place it upside down and then use a pan or pot that is smaller than the raised rim.
this is a flat diffuser for a burner. it distributes heat evenly and prevents thinner steel pans from scorching. can be used for toasting tortillas, not for other direct food applicatioms. pots and pans only.
Yes, I think it should be fine. I've been using mine on a gas stove with no problems.
maybe a single electric burner?
It is my understanding that these were made for standard electric and gas burners. As they are metal I do not think they would work for induction cooktops. My suggestion would be to contact the induction top manufacturer for an expert answer. Sincerely, C. Dalzell
Probably, and maybe too much. I use mine to prepare small batches of sauce (experimental stuff) and it's hot enough, even with the gas on low on my middle size burner, to get a slow boil. I would not recommend a glass carafe, personal preference, but a metal type.
just once. there are several types of test in the box but they're each designed to only be used once.
The kit contains ONE strip per test. So if you want to test 12 water sources you could pool them. A better plan might be to buy two kits and test a pool of 6 water sources for each. That way if one set is positive, you only need to buy 6 more, for a total of 8 kits, rather than 12.
no, there is only one test kit for each substance. You could only test two if you mixed them together and did it as a pooled sample.
We used it to test for lead and we have no reason to believe the result was inaccurate. All of its other tests gave results that made me feel like the test was genuine.
The state doesn't have any protocols for rapid screening tests
All the tests are based on color . For the lead test, it's a line indicator.
You would need to go through a lab to get the exact amount. With this kit you follow a color chart and compare to the EPA standard
"YES. On the back side of the plastic packaging which houses the contents including the instructions and different package envelopes which contain the chemicals for the variety of tests. There are no dates on the individual test envelopes that I can see. BUT there is definitely an expiration date on the back outside of the clear plastic packaging right next to the words ""Watersafe City Water Test Kit."" I hope this is a clear explanation and that it helps."
It has a test for bacteria for example E.Coli, however the bacteria test does not specify what kind you have in there.
Yes it does.
Filter for vicks3 is NOT a question. What are you asking?
The outer shell will fall apart in about a year of use, but the filter itself can survive much longer. Mine split at the seam, so it's no longer round, but it still fits in the humidifier, and does its job. Cleaning the filter every week (especially if you have hard water) will degrade the material over time. I've used one in this manner for 3 years so far.
"The only humidifiers that this will fit are Sunbeam SCM866, SCM1895, and SCM1896 and Holmes HM1865 and HM1895 according to the filter box. So I think the answer to your question is ""No"". Sorry."
Its generic and does not work in a Holmes humidifier!!!
Hi: yes, we would bundle all 5 filters and charge one shipping price.
its for the hwf65. I see other vendors do have the filter with the black mesh like the picture shows.
All I know is that I have an older model of the Holmes room humidifier. it doesn't have any code on it. anyway, the filter was too tall, but it did fit. so I cut it in half (very hard to do with chic hands. but I did it) and now I have 2 filters for the price of one! other than all that, I'm happy w/it.
Works with Holmes and Sunbeam humidifier model #s HM1100, HM1118, HM1119, HM1120, HM1300, HM1700, HM1701, HM1740, HM2025, HM2030, HM1230, HM1275, HM1280, HM1281, HM1285, HM1295, HM1296, HM1297, HM1740, HM1450, HM2408, HM2409, HM1760, HM1761, SCM1100, SCM1701, SCM1702, SCM1762, SCM2409, SCM4100 Package Quantity: 1 Filter Size: 5.3x2x9.5 Features: Antimicrobial Protection Compatible With: Holmes & Sunbeam humidifiers
I'm not an expert. Let me start to answer your question with a question. Is there an outer core in any other color that is made of a different material than the inner core? The inner core (white in the picture) is softer to the touch; the outer core, I suspect is what helps it stand up. I don't think the color matters. The outer core feels like plastic. The inner core is definitely not plastic. I suspect the color does not matter. If this doesn't completely answer your question, ask away. I enjoy doing this.
I just googled it and it says this filter works for it.
Yes it does.
No. That is part of the filter and provides support.
yes
Don't have an issue with the filter rotting or smelling bad after usage. If you don't plan on using it much, the water container should be emptied and the filter dried out.
Your water may have a high mineral content. Please be sure to always have water in the unit to prevent the filter from drying. Also, we recommend changing the wick filter every 4 weeks.
I suppose so if you keep it clean I get a new filter each year
"6"" H x 1"" W (diameter of filter is 7"")"
"Thanks for submitting your question, I am not sure if this item will fit your model however this item cannot be shipped to Canada. For future reference the easiest way to check if the item can be shipped to your location would be to add it to your cart and then click the ""proceed to checkout"" button. An error message will appear if it is not able to be delivered to your destination. If you are able to proceed through the order process you will be shown shipping methods/speed/prices to chose from. Have a great day!"
i have no idea
I have the GF 300 and I use a EUV-13B bulb and this bulb is specifically rated for the GF 220. You can get it right here at Amazon and it costs only $9.00.
Sorry, don't really know the differences!?!?
I do not know the answer............Not sure
It fit my Tappan stove.
The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
They did not work on my stove,
I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
It fit my Tappan stove.
The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
They did not work on my stove,
I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
This vent is used indoor where there is no way to vent outside. As long as you are sure there is always water in the trap - it works fine. You will have some humidity, but no worse than anything else.
No, it is not smooth.
I empty it out every single load. You can probably get two loads, unless it is something that produces a lot of lint.
I would check it after every dryer run. The water evaporates quickly.
No. The way it works is that the tray is about half full of water (there is a line you fill it up to). The air hits the water and that catches MOST of the lint. It isn't 100% effective - a little still flies out. But it is a good bit more effective than you'd think it would be. I think it basically gets the lint wet enough that it is too heavy to escape. Remember this is only catching the lint that the lint screen inside the dryer missed - it isn't anything like the amount per load you pull out of the dryer lint screen.
I don't really know as this didn't work out for us. I guess I didn't read the description well enough to know you needed to keep water in the boxt. It was going to be too difficult for us to constantly do that. However, I don't see why not it wouldn't work as the hose comes out of the dryer and into the little box. Surely if it can't be used for a gas dryer, they would put that in the description. Sorry I could not be of more help.
"I believe there's a disclaimer on these units that they should not be used on gas dryers. Gas dryers really need to be vented outdoors because, unlike electric dryers, there's combustion and that results in fumes. The other vent shown with this one... Dundas Jafine TDIDVKZW ProFlex Indoor Dryer Vent Kit... states in the description ""Not be used with gas clothes dryers"". I would not do it."
Hello, I suggest that you take the aeroators off both kitchen and bathroom faucet, take them AND the adapter to home depot or lowes. In the bathroom section, they sell what is called AERATOR ADAPTERS. Ask one of the staff to help you and your problem will be resolved quickly.
Can you clarify? Is the water not flowing from the *machine* tub into your *shower* tub where you're draining into? Or is water not coming into the Haier tub? Your question is hard to answer as I'm not sure which tub the water isn't going into, but if you can clarify, we can probably help figure this out for you.
hi. i don't know about rpm's, but my (new) washer spins clothes almost dry! it's great in that way and in many others...i just can't seem to get the lint filter out to clean it.
Pull from the side and bend it forward - it should pop out. My washer is not spinning the water out correctly - the pulsator is moving but it is not moving reapidly as it once was and now the clothes are full of water -- the washer drains without problem - it just does not seem to be spinning out correctly - any ideas ? MARY
It comes with one AAA battery.
No, I wish it did! Can't read it when baby's sleeping.
I can see NO apparent way for the user to calibrate the monitor. Still, a pretty nice unit for the price.
Seemed pretty accurate to me, had another digital in the room and they read the same
Good catch. It is in fact more like 4 x 4 inches. Probably 7 centimeters.
Relative to the thermostat setting and a baby monitor - yes. I don't know about humidity other than to say two of the same Vicks monitors read the same and trend with outside humidity.
Nope. As soon as I took the plastic piece of te battery compartment it started working.
Yes, should be fine
The scale listed on the unit goes from 0 to 100, so I imagine it would. Ours has only ever been down in the lower 20s.
No.
If the leaves are dry, it should do fine...and leave the stone undisturbed. I have used it for this purpose with little, if any, problem.
I bought this originally to sweep up sawdust in my woodshop. I have used this to sweep the pavers in my backyard and it works great. It has a lot of suction power.
I use are in a warehouse for the dust. I have found that you need to wash out the bag after use. I rinse the bag out with water and hang to dry for the next week.
Yes you are correct, it is electric 120 volt. My wife uses it more than I do and she tells me that it works great and is easy to use. Far less messy than a blower for picking up leaves a small stuff. Hopes this helps.
Yes
No
Do not buy biggest piece of junk ever
I went on amazon and ordered another one had it in 2 days
no it is what you see
"Possibly. It would depend on the condition of your lawn. It is a powerful machine.If they are long needles you would definitely be better off raking. If they are the short, stabbing variety it might be worth a try. If you have a regular shop vac I would recommend you try it first. It will definitely NOT be equivalent to an upright indoor vacuum on carpet. It just won't be that easy. You need a level surface. If your lawn is really thick it ""could"" help. If the lawn is sparse you would probably hurt the grass."
Yes this will fit
Yes
This Filter can not be washed in any way it is a paper material
This filter will be a bit too big for your CleanView which uses a style 9 filter. The correct style 9 filters can be ordered here http://www.amazon.com/Bissell-Pleated-Motor-Filter-32076/dp/B00008URRN/
It measures 9-1/4 inches long by 2-11/16 inches wide and is 7/16 thick and fits perfectly in my model 3990.
Yes it does. I have this model.
It did not fit my 3760-1, as per my review.
I have the Bissell lift off........cannot speak for other models
"Hi Marlene, First I should point out this product is not really a filter. It's a wick that absorbs and holds moisture so the blower fan can push air through it and drive the water into the surrounding environment. How often it needs replacing depends upon how often the humidifier cycles and on the mineral content of your water. If you run your humidifier a lot and you are not using filtered water, then these wicks typically need replacing about every three months (at least). I use filtered water in my humidifier to reduce the mineral content but I still have to replace the wick every 5-6 months. It's pretty simple to determine when your wick is clogged with minerals because the humidifier will basically run non-stop as there will be no moisture in the wick therefore no moisture going into the air. These wicks are not really cleanable because they are too fragile. Once they get clogged with minerals (i.e. ""lime"") they need to be disposed of and replaced."
Box says it fits 600, 400, and ED11.
We use this on a humidifier and the wick last us one season. We replace this item once a year.
"9.75"" x 17"" x 5"""
I don't know, sorry.
Yes
Yes.
the dimension height is 9 3/4 and width 16 3/4, depth is 5 inches. hope this will help. any others questions, please ask. have a great weekend !!! rich and sandy
I believe the answer is yes, as they effectively are the same company now.
Not sure where the quantity is located, except in shopping cart? But, No the price of $18.10 is for one. Locally at my hardware store they sell at higher prices
The directions do not indicate soaking. I have installed several filters and never soaked one. Filters performed well.
You'll have to check your manual or the filter itself to see if this filter fits. My refrigerator does not have french doors.....Good Luck
Push cover to open it. It drops down. Undscrew old filter, insert new one . Voila.
Sorry, don't know what PF SW2MDCA SS is. I can tell you that this filter works, as advertised, for the GE refrigerator it was designed to fit.
I don't believe so. Looked at the model number and it does not match your number. You can look up the correct filter online.GE site.
Hi Aimee , Just go home. Will check for you. The one I have works well and no problems. Will contact you later. Went running and need a shower. Ron
When I looked up your model refrigerator, it said it needs an MSWF filter. I could not find whether the MSWF is compatible with the GSWF.
Hi, if yours call for the same filter as the one I bought? Then buy it. Mine works perfect, was GE brand works perfect and save a few bucks with shipping included. Hope this answers your question? Was GE product I received too. So every happy with purchase.
No, I don't believe so.
I have a GE PDS22S/SBRSS and it works for mine.
Peter, basically what you see is what you get. Basically a filter cartridge and a mounting unit has quick connection fittings for you water line.
"I had the same problem recently and replaced the filter and ""flo thru unit"" and it work fine now. The entire unit is available through Amazon. I think the ""flo thru unit"" just wears out over time."
Yes, you can use it with the filter in your frig. This one is external to the appliance and fits in the middle of the water line.
yes i use it under the sink it has been fine for all 3 years i was just changing the filter alone until recently it makes a lot noise after i changed it
It screws in half a turn, that's all. Depends on the model you have.
Once installed you only have to change the twist off/on filter cartridge. The unit has push in connectors for 1/4 in tubing and little plastic locks/clips to lock the tubing in the unit. Mine is copper tubing and the unit is working fine.
Actually this unit WILL accept a standard icemaker copper water line. I've had one installed on my refrigerator for over 5 years and never had a problem with it.
1 filter per box
on my particular humidifier, the fan portion lifts up exposing the filter. the filter is then picked up out of a pan and you will replace it with a new one in the same spot. The filter will be wet when you pull it so be careful not to drip on floors that you may not want wet. Good luck
I been using them for 2 years and they fit fine, and I just put my latest one in last week
According to the model numbers listed on the box it will not fit.
It does. In the product description, it shows the following. Wick filter fits Holmes HM1800, 1840, 1845, 1850, 1851, 1855, 1865, 1888, 1889, 1895, 1975, 2059, 2060W, 2090, 3000, 3850 Note: 3800,3850 needs 3 fltrs, 4000 needs 2 filters (HWF-65); Sunbeam SCM1895, 1896, SCM1866 (SF206); White-Westinghouse WWHM1840 2090ZE (WWH650); GE 106609, 106663, 106763; Bionaire BCM-1845, 1855
The metal mesh should face outward.
I have the 4.9 lb. model and it came with a chart - I can wash 2 full size towels so you should be able to wash 3 - I can wash a queen size sheet set so you should be able to do a king size and I wash 2 pair of sweat pants you'll be able to do 3 - 4 tee-shirts so you can do 5 or 6 - 5 blouses so you can do 6 or 7 - hope it helps! what I have found is if I load it loose it's fine.
I leave everything on and it doesn't bother me. I've been using my washing machine for more than 5 years now. Enjoy!
Yes. All you have to do is to hit the cycle button and do the spin cycle :)
The law states a product must work as designed and you are entitled to a FREE replacement. My machine was broken somehow and it was replaced within a week free.
No it needs to be On flat surface
I tested queen size and it's fit, I don't know if it's ok for the king size!
No I haven't and have had no reason too. You could go to Home Depot and ask them (electrical dept) the question (no I don't work for them). I myself dought it can be done as the whole electrical system might have to be changed. I do know that small electrical appliances like a hairdryer, etc can be with a special adapter.
You have to leave the hose as it is with it connected to the back, if you leave it to lie on the ground, all the water will run out, there has to be some elevation
You would need some sort of Y connector to merge both hot and cold lines into one.
Home Depot sink and faucet section it is small package on one of the bottom rows ask the helpers over there it is around 7-8$ they are the same ones for small dishwasher so i can assure you that it will work Also you can check Lowe's
I only know this filter works for me. You could try it and if it doesn't work, see if you can return it.
Yep, should fit just fine. The HM-7808 uses HWF-100 filters.
Amazon has filters for the HWF-23 available at http://www.amazon.com/Holmes-Replacement-Filter-HWF23-2-pack/dp/B009CEVUTU/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1417616046&sr=1-1&keywords=HWF-23.
I had to cut off about 1.25 inch off the long edge - it fits !!! :)
Yes.
Yes they should fit just fine !
Yes.
No
No
yes it fit my model
This can opener doesn't require any sustained pressure to open cans. Once you get the can started it will finish opening automatically.
My wife says to take off the entire head assembly and hold it under running water. She also says that the drive gear catches on the paper of the can and to remove it prior to opening can. The lid also is difficult to pierce and the handle needs to be held down to get it going. She is not really satisfied with it actually.
Cord is 30 inches long.
Yes, but the magnet holds the lid in place instead of letting it fall so there's really no reason to cut your self.
im wondering the same thing
Yes. I have not had a can I couldn't open.
Yes, the cans are secure. I have two of these. Very satisfied.
Our experience is that the magnet captures and holds the lid for every opening 100% of the time without fail.
http://www.canopeners.biz
Hi, Elizabet It is Electric Sharpner
This can opener doesn't require any sustained pressure to open cans. Once you get the can started it will finish opening automatically.
My wife says to take off the entire head assembly and hold it under running water. She also says that the drive gear catches on the paper of the can and to remove it prior to opening can. The lid also is difficult to pierce and the handle needs to be held down to get it going. She is not really satisfied with it actually.
Cord is 30 inches long.
Yes, but the magnet holds the lid in place instead of letting it fall so there's really no reason to cut your self.
im wondering the same thing
Yes. I have not had a can I couldn't open.
Yes, the cans are secure. I have two of these. Very satisfied.
Our experience is that the magnet captures and holds the lid for every opening 100% of the time without fail.
http://www.canopeners.biz
Hi, Elizabet It is Electric Sharpner
That's correct. The air flows through the filter on the underside and out through the three columns of vent slats you see on the front of the range hood. There is no connection to other vents or ducts in a wall or through the roof.
I'm not sure what your setup is, but when I did mine, I hardwired the hood into the existing black and white wires that were used in the old hood. Chances are that if you don't have the pre wired design that I had, you will need a power cord kit if you plan to physically plug the unit into a traditional wall socket.
Its painted and no I haven't noticed any problems with rust. It really looks nice in my kitchen and the price was awesome. I would recommend it.
i agree with aaron 29 7/8
As I recall, it came with all the necessary hardware. You'll need tools like a drill and screwdriver, of course. I needed to add some wood furring strips to the underside of my cabinet to make it a flush mount, but I had the wood at home already, so I didn't need to purchase any.
Yes, mine did
The filter that came with the range hood was a one-piece unit, with the aluminum mesh on the exposed side and the filtering material inside. The filtering material against the aluminum mesh is black (carbon fiber?); the backside is blue. There are no grains of carbon, as there used to be in the 2-piece filter for my old range hood.
If only L brackets are used in the back, I'd say no. There's extra holes in the top and rear so at minimum, I'd secure the rear to wall studs with extra screws. The weight is more center/front and my concern is over time it would droop forward. It's designed to mount under a cabinet. If there is something to mount the sides to it would work better.
It's just a plastic diffuser. It locks into a couple of slots in the hood. You squeeze the two sides together to release tabs on the sides of the diffuser from the slots in the hood. Takes a standard base, 60watt or small CFL bulb.
"12""."
The Broan 4130 is not rated for CFM because it is a non ducted hood. Probably about 100-150 cfm fan, 2850 rpm. You don't want too much air blowing back in your face anyway. I hope this helps.
No. Unfortunately you would have to purchase the cord at a home depo or any hardware store for about $5.
I wouldn't. There are 4 holes on the back, but the metal of the hood isn't very thick and wouldn't support much weight. A cheap solution would be to get piece of shelving the size of the hood with two brackets mounted to the wall upside down and mount the hood to the bottom of the shelf. This will give you some extra storage space as well.
Yes it does. I don't have an exhaust fan either, so this takes care of it. Diana D.
"Use ""Broan HCK44 Power Cord Kit on individual display card"" by Broan-NuTone Amazon $8.97 3 ft cord to convert from hard wired."
No
It could. It didn't come with wire or a plug but it's VERY simple. If you have ever replaced an outlet or the plug end of a cord you can install this.
"Yes, it is 30"" wide. Thanks."
"Mine is like 18"" from the stove top."
No
I've had my hoses for a few months, and I have not had any leaking, at all. The fittings have a very good rubber washer, which will hold up for years to come. These hoses have a 5 year warranty, but will last for a lot more than that. Braided hoses are the best for any kind of plumbing, as they are not prone to bursting, like none braided hoses are. Fluidmaster is the best brand.
yes
No they are not
"I think it was 1/2"". They work fine."
I believe so, mine did just fine.
The model number for my refrigerator was on the inside of the refrigerator on the left. Type in the brand and model # for your fridge in an internet search for parts and you should find the corresponding shelf #. My model # is GE Hotpoint CTX14CYXKRAD
All I know is that it works fine with model ctx16cayrrwh and the original drawers with that model fit.
Sorry, don't know.
the drawers do fit into the slots.
Yes, but I have not tested it yet. Thank you.
Yes
go to you tube and type inwater supply line and water dispenser for kenmore 106.59592992 they tell you where to get the part and how to put it in it worked for me
It did not work on our refrigerater and the company would not let me return it. They kept telling us that it did and it did not. We eventually took our part and seperated it where it was leaking and used some good glue and it has worked fine since then. I was disappointed that they would not accept a return. I guess if it leaks again and we can't fix it , we can turn off the icemaker and use old ice cube trays!!!!!
Not familiar with your model number, it appears you have too many numbers in model number believe you should only have 10 total numbers in model no. iyou order from Amazon. in shearch block enter you model no and they will direct you to the proper item./..your Fridge shud have several parts pre installed if it can accept an ice maker....good luck
Hello Ellen, If you contact whirlpool they will be able to guide you on your question. I would rather you buy the part you need perhaps from amazon. From what I observed , the cost is virtually the same. As a do it yourselfer that I am, I would purchase the correct part.
If your part looks like exactly this it should work. The part I received was identical to the photo. My fridge is a Whirlpool who makes Kenmore for Sears.....The green solenoid part adjusts (turns) to several positions.
Yes just follow directions the only thing it will be 24 to 36 hours for the ice maker to reset if you disconnected the ice maker
If it will fit on your fridge it will work.
Can't say for sure, I used it on a Sub Zero built-in where it was mounted outside of the box; seems to be a standard type valve.
"The water valve is controlled by the ice maker. Mine stuck on over night and caused a flood. There is about a 7 second ""fill"" as the ice maker cycles. You may want to check to see if it cycles, does it get all the ice out before filling again. If it iver fills it will spill into the feezer and make icecycles."
WE have a whirlpool and it works so it should they are the same company
Check with the manufacturer: I do not remember what warranty it had. Mine has worked for nearly 2 years, flawlessly.
The new ice maker should not do that, I installed one and it worked perfectly and cranked tons of ice. You do need to make sure it is plugged in properly and there is no damage to the power cable or connectors. I think I left my old cable and reconnected it to the unit and it worked fine.
The cycles are controlled by a synchronous motor (60 Hz) and cycle control gear. I do not believe there is an adjustment to control the cycle times due to the control wheel gear and switching mechanism.
whirlpoole makes sears kenmore, the only thing to check is the electrial. does the clip have the same fitting, number of wires. my problem was the water input valve not the ice maker
wires were included with the kit
Mine fits down in the drain with nothing sticking out into the sink.
"There are (2) dimensions. Inner seal is a 3 inch diameter seal, which sits inside the basket. The second dimension is the overall ""lip"" which seals the inner seal of the basket; 3 1/4 inch diameter."
Yes. It is almost flat and, therefore does not go deep into the drain. It does, however, rust!
Hi, It should fit any standard disposal . I hope this helps P
Sorry, I do not know. I have only tried it on our Holmes humidifier.
Terry, yes according to www.appliancefactoryparts.com that filter fits 118 models and that sun beam SCM2412 is one of them.
Its two filters per pack total
don't waste your time or money on this product, the seller is very rude and I will not buy from him ever again, did not work and cost 15.00 to send back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This list might be usefull http://www.appliancezone.com/ShowProduct.aspx?ID=7287. The wiring harness is separate. Check the fuse in the harness.
Hi Is this the one that doesnt come with the power cord and is abouut 35.00? THis is a good product and if it looks like yours it probably does work. My maker makes a lot of ice consistantly. Ask the seller to double check your model. Good luck
Clint I assume you are talking about the shutoff bail. If so, then no, my ice maker die not come with a bail/arm. I used the one from my old ice maker with no problem. It is working just fine.
You need to look to see if your ice maker is attached on the side or somewhere else. If its attached on the left side this should work with minor adjustment. I replaced mine in less than 15 min.
It's a replacement. Attach to old mounts (two screws) use existing wiring harness which snaps in. Many videos on YouTube.
MSD2754GRQ was our model
The ice maker I ordered was exact replacement. The wiring harness is the only part that does not come with the ice maker. The connection from the old one fit perfect. I researched your model #MTB2156DEW and it looks exactly like model#D7824706Q. I will say that it is compatible.
Check the temperature of the freezer. It needs to be well below freezing before the ice maker will work. Around 0 to 10 degrees F.
"Not sure if my answer will help but here it is. You do not have to remove the disposal to replace with this part. It acts as a splash guard and a sound baffle also. Hope this helps. You are right it doesn't quite look like the pic either it has a groove running around the side to ""snap"" into place in the drain. Good luck"
I could not use this one , it was to large, I think 4.50 inches, so it went in the trash.. I have part number 39-9057 3.1 x3.1 x .05 and it fits perfect.. all others were to large, I hope the helps
No I bought this as a suppressor of noise, and it came to me as a insinkerator gasket.
No.
Yes
It does not fit too good
It is 3 1/4 inch diameter and we have a sink-erator disposal and it snapped right in. Also, what is amazing, the sound that we used to hear from the disposal prior to installing the new snap in have been eliminated. It is almost silent now, highly recommend this product....
This is just the range hood (despite the product description). You'll need to purchase the blower separately. We bought the Broan HLB11 1100 CFM In-line Blower and love it. We used a HVAC installer to mount the blower in our crawl space under the house.
No I need the blower
7inches
Yes
"The cutout is about 27"". The decorative top trim is 30"" so if you could neatly fill in the gaps so the unit would rest on them, the only time you would see the ""Dutchman"" is when the blower is up and on."
"Installation manual http://www.broan.com/common/productDigitalAssethandler.ashx?id=6d8a3992-0f72-43b2-925e-27d34da9fa70 It comes with a cutout template that is 27"" x 1 3/4"""
Yes, this model does have reversible doors so that you can have the swing to the left or right side of the unit.
I don't know---we just had huge amounts of ice form in back and called the service dept that wants to charge us a lot of $$ to come and look at it. $89 just to come out and then minimum of $100 to start repair. Our unit is only 1.3 years old.
It no longer 'breaks down' because we found the fault. This model anyway, was NOT tested for areas with slightly above average humidity. The air circulation vents in freezer section clog up with ice, even though the fan is running, and the de-ice element, deep inside the freezer is working! Every 2 weeks and I have to do a manual defrost of the freezer, otherwise, if I get a large buildup of ice in that area, the sensor will again fail. I won't buy any more LG product based on this. (We also have a large flat screen LG TV, now out of guarantee, with failures in responding to remote, and the screen displaying vertical lines). We have read that LG make inferior product, that their concept is that it's cheaper to do this due to their massive sales, so they can absornb the repairs. Heck, when out of guarantee it'll cost you an arm and a leg anyway. The old Hitachi we chucked out, too small, never missed a beeat in 2 decades.
110 not sure if 50 or 60
I have absolutely no idea how I would be able to know this. I can't imagine it is very much, being new and smaller.
Yes. It's small and sounds like a regular refrigerator, not super quiet like a SubZero but not at all loud. I use mine as an only refrigerator (one person household). My dog did was afraid of the old one, she went through about 4 screens last summer.... She's OK with this one.
It has two doors, top is the refrigerator and the bottom is the freezer. I use this as a spare refrigerator and have it in my garage. I love it!
Oh gosh - I do not think so! I will have my manager check today and let you know!
Dunno. Is it a fridge? If so buy it at your risk.. . My LG big expensive double door.. has a major design flaw. The cold air recirculation vents in the deep freeze are too small, so that it rapidly, in a couple of weeks, ices up. The auto-defroster cannot handle it. The circulation fan starts clunking as it hits the ice buildup behind the deepfreezer. . I have to do a manual defrost. I have cut the holess much bigger and it's better, but still needs a manual defrost. This last time I made the holes enormous, so lets see if that helps. If I just left it alone, and not manual defrosted, the deice sensor burns out and and that costs $$$. It has already burnt out 2, thats why I have to fiddle with it. Maybe LG just churn out new product and hope for the best, with little or no testing. If somebody gave me an LG fridge as a present, I would refuse it!!
It no longer does.
"The approximate dimensions are 15 1/2"" long, about 10"" tall and about 5""wide. I find it fits very nicely in the fridge and doesn't take up that much space. I love this dispenser :). Hope this helps."
It is not certified to reduce lead. You can look it up on NSF.org (http://info.nsf.org/Certified/dwtu/listings.asp?CompanyName=kaz&submit1=Search+by+Manufacturer&Program=DWTU). No pour-through model is certified for lead reduction. This is false advertising (a few faucet models can do it but it has nothing to do with this particular model). CRF-950Z filter for model CR-4000, CR-6000, CR-6000C, CR-1100C, and DS-1800Z ANSI 53 certified for 2,4-D Reduction Atrazine Reduction Benzene Reduction Cadmium Reduction Carbon Tetrachloride Reduction Copper Reduction Cyst Reduction Mercury Reduction Simazine Reduction Tetrachloroethylene Reduction
This requires a larger filter, which can be found online per ad.
Yes it comes with one, I also bought a 4 pack for spares.
According to the information on their website, yes, it is.
Yes it will stay on. But it's not friction style and is simply a loose cover similar to a cooking pan and lid
It's the best I have found for well water. I found the faucet attachments do not do the trick and the smaller pitchers' carbon is not strong enough.
A calendar sticker comes with the dispenser, along with a marker that estimates the date to change (about 3 months after installation). But I guess it also depends on how unclean the water is. I wouldn't recommend using for longer than they recommend because seeing the buildup of sediments in the filter is scary!
"Not sure of the weight...maybe 4-6 lbs. But at the front and back of the pitcher, the ""cover"" extends about 3 inches, so there's more than enough room to comfortably hold on and move it."
I fill mine up, let it filter to the bottom and then top it off until totally full to the line at the lid. NO PROBLEM
I have never encountered this problem, however a few times I had rub the positive end on my shirt sleeve and then the display appeared. My units do not have a reset button
Yes. There is a button on the back, so you can choose. Sorry for late answer, I didn't imagine here's will be some questions.
Possibly a faulty battery
"There are LED bulbs available that are the same size/shape as the recommended halogen bulbs. Search Amazon for ""PAR20 LED bulb""."
IT USES TWO LIGHT BULBS.
"There are LED bulbs available that are the same size/shape as the recommended halogen bulbs. Search Amazon for ""PAR20 LED bulb""."
The metal screen grease filters are included, but the charcoal snap-in filters must be ordered separately from Amazon. They fit perfectly and cost around $15 for a pair.
No. The installation instructions show how to set the hood damper.
Hard wire, I believe. Test before you install to make sure this works. Mine was damaged.
"30"" wide; 20 1/2"" deep (front to back); 7"" high (top to bottom)"
"This range hood has three knock-outs- a 3-1/4""x10"" rectangular on the back, another 3-1/4""x10"" rectangular on top, or a 7"" round on top. It comes with the rectangular damper (to keep cold air from coming into the kitchen from outside), but does not come with a damper if you choose to connect via the 7"" round pipe. You'll need something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Speedi-Products-AC-BD-07-Galvanized-Prevention/dp/B0085UZDXG/"
I purchased this 1-1/2 years ago, it was easy to install. Unit is built very good, heavy material, cleans easy, is very quiet on low and fairly quiet on hi but it moves a lot of air. Very happy with purchase. It is a 2 year old model but I prefered this to the new model when I bought it and it was 1/2 off the new model year. . James K
The vent has two speeds, the lower speed does remove air, however, if you are doing some serious cooking the second speed would be required. That speed seems to work fine.
"There are LED bulbs available that are the same size/shape as the recommended halogen bulbs. Search Amazon for ""PAR20 LED bulb""."
IT USES TWO LIGHT BULBS.
"There are LED bulbs available that are the same size/shape as the recommended halogen bulbs. Search Amazon for ""PAR20 LED bulb""."
The metal screen grease filters are included, but the charcoal snap-in filters must be ordered separately from Amazon. They fit perfectly and cost around $15 for a pair.
No. The installation instructions show how to set the hood damper.
Hard wire, I believe. Test before you install to make sure this works. Mine was damaged.
"30"" wide; 20 1/2"" deep (front to back); 7"" high (top to bottom)"
"This range hood has three knock-outs- a 3-1/4""x10"" rectangular on the back, another 3-1/4""x10"" rectangular on top, or a 7"" round on top. It comes with the rectangular damper (to keep cold air from coming into the kitchen from outside), but does not come with a damper if you choose to connect via the 7"" round pipe. You'll need something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Speedi-Products-AC-BD-07-Galvanized-Prevention/dp/B0085UZDXG/"
I purchased this 1-1/2 years ago, it was easy to install. Unit is built very good, heavy material, cleans easy, is very quiet on low and fairly quiet on hi but it moves a lot of air. Very happy with purchase. It is a 2 year old model but I prefered this to the new model when I bought it and it was 1/2 off the new model year. . James K
The vent has two speeds, the lower speed does remove air, however, if you are doing some serious cooking the second speed would be required. That speed seems to work fine.
Mine came with a round outlet adapter and an oblong one. Also included is the vent flap that keeps outside air from coming in. Everything else is up to you.
It can be either/or. The instructions show you both ways.
We are using conventional mini floodlight bulbs now. I plan to install LED bulbs next time around. The bulb socket is conventional so any non CFL would work. The dimmer function, 2 position, works fine with the mini floods.
yes the fan is ten inches or more.
yes and are expensive
There are two metal filters on the unit. They can be removed for cleaning and reinstalled.
Yes. 2 washable metal filters.
"I don't understand your question. What is ""switch 97017729? Sorry."
There are two filters one on each side near the back.
Item did not come with charcoal filter for ductless ventilation.
No it does not have a spin cycle. What we used to do was to let the wash water drain of course, then run water in it and re-run the wash cycle while it was slowing draining the water out, that way they clothes were getting rinsed and then we just let all the final rinse water drain out and with the drain open, we ran it through another washing cycle to sling most of the water out. Worked pretty well. It does a GREAT job on washing clothes but to answer you question, NO, it does not have a spin cycle. We would then squeeze the water out by hand which was not very had to do. I have this one for sale now myself. Would take 65 for it and ship it free. donkennedy97@ yahoo. Hope that helps.
No. You have to add water yourself, either with shower hose or bucket. It's not that hard, though.
you cant hook it up to the sink/ has to be filled manually by hand. IT DOESNT HAVE A SPIN CYCLE SO NO IT DOESNT DRAIN THE WATER OUT OF THE CLOTHES AT ALL.
it is manual fill... as in you fill it with water, so its as hot or cold as you chose. I use mine in the shower and fill it with a shower hose. It is also manual drain, which is why I use it in the shower, the hose on the back needs to be up when in use and down to drain, it is a very low draining hose, so you need either a floor drain or use in shower as i do. It is very light weight, so I simply put it in the shower when I need to wash laundry and store it in the closet when not in use.
I mostly use it for making bubble hash, but i have used it to wash an outfit or two a few times. As long as you follow the directions and dont overload the washer it should run great. I have 300+ hours on it myself and i'v loned it out several times. Still works awesome.
Less than a traditional washer, more than some of the smallest compact models. While everybody's idea of a load is somewhat different, and working with the pounds specified by manufacturers is not always intuitively easy, I'd say that it would be about a half load or a bit less than a normal moderately sized load for a traditional model. Before you purchase this model, however, you should read my other comments here, along with some of the other notes. This washer is a rugged little machine, which is made in America to serve principally in janitorial operations as a mop head and rag washer for a janitor's closet. As such, it can be a very cheap and rugged alternative for home use, but IT IS NOT AN AUTOMATIC WASHER, in the modern sense. It is much more akin to antique washers, as it is really just a pail with a timer controlled agitator and a drain hose. That's it. You have to fill it with water, drain it, fill it again to rinse, drain it, maybe rinse again, and all by hand, and then wring out your clothes and dry them.
It takes 10 gallons to reach the minimum fill line before I added any laundry items. However, when I added 4 pairs of fleece pants the water registered at the maximum fill line. For me then, with my water tank on my boat, I have to remember that a single load of laundry using 3 fills to the minimum will use 30 gallons of precious water tank water. First fill is with laundry detergent; second fill I add 1 cup vinegar to assist the rinse out of detergent; and the final fill is to rinse out all vinegar/ soap residue. This vinegar technique does cut down on the lint retention on clothing. There is nothing else to capture lint. I would like to know what others do about laundry lint. I do wash dark clothes separately. The washer will take more than 4 pairs of fleece, I just filled the washer with water before adding clothes to see what amount of gallons I could use to the minimum fill line. I like my washer. It sure beats loading a harbor cart and walking half a mile to the nearest laundromat. I also use a spin-dry extractor which allows clothes on plastic hangers to hang dry overnight.
The agitation is pretty powerful. It's sort of a whirlpool action. You can always set the timer for a short amount of time and monitor your clothes (or put them in a garment bag).
"It's called ""The Salt Test"". You take about a table spoon of salt in a little cup or something of that nature, and add a few drops of water to it. Place the salt and hygrometer in a liplock bag for 6-12 hours and it should read 75 %, if not, turn the little screw type thing in the back.........but be careful, my last one broke on first adjustment."
No, I tried to dial it in and it broke on the first twist. I didn't try to get my money back since it was so cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for. Check out the ones they sell at cigar shops then come back to Amazon and spend a few more bucks for something more dependable.
metal and glass
"2"" across dial including bezel. 1""3/4 across back. 5/8"" deep."
Seems like you would need to take it off, or remove the magnet. Otherwise, how will the air circulate into the unit where the sensor is?
Yes, it works great! In fact, I replaced my fancy (expensive) digital hygrometer with this little dial hygrometer. I highly recommend it for the guitar case. My Larrivee acoustic keeps a steady '65' index, with Large DampIt in sound hole + extra sponge under the neck.
It could be used in a room.
The temp and humidity display is continuous.
"The company these come from (http://www.cigaroasis.com/) sold/sell both the III and the newer IV which the website states of the IV ""The same great features as the Caliber III, but now with the ability to adjust Calibration. In response to our customers' requests, we have responded with this high end feature."" It is also stated that the ""CALIBER III HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED NOW SHIPPING CALIBER IV HYGROMETER W/CALIBRATION ADJUSTMENT"" at the Amazon listing: http://www.amazon.com/DISCONTINUED-SHIPPING-HYGROMETER-CALIBRATION-ADJUSTMENT/dp/B00AA1B7X8/ref=sr_1_cc_2?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1390082966&sr=1-2-catcorr&keywords=caliber+hygrometer. I would have to concur since the III is no longer listed on their website. From experience I can tell you that they are a good company to deal with since I had one of my IIIs take a dive and they replaced it with no questions asked. Enjoy!"
Maybe that's a question for the manufacturers. Western humidor has a call line for questions at 1-877-627-4798. I own 4 of the caliber III. For over a year now, it's been running steady and accurate. Reacts almost immediate to humidity changes.
I have a caliber IV hygrometer for a humidor which performs very well. To calibrate mine I followed the instructions and removed the activator tab.
Yes, iddy bitty switch on the top right or the unit for F (Liberia, Myanmar, and the USA) and then the rest of the world in C.
20% to 99%
2. It's easy to take the battery out and replace it, but there is no stop, so the battery can fall out when the entire battery holder comes out (if you're not careful). This happened to me and the battery fell on the floor. Now I don't see in what orientation the battery should be when a new one is put in (positive up or down).
18 inch long cuff fits all, stretchable
NO it's a waste of money , bought these for gardening but they slip down and get caught on everything.
Here, in the Florida panhandle with the heat and humidity outdoors, they get sweaty and a little uncomfortable after a while, and I pull them off, but by then, I am generally done for the day anyway.
No Kevlar is only made in Yellow. There are other materials available. Dyneema for instance is white.
6 Each as in 3 Pairs
No its not water proof
Not sure but racks and ovens running at tips greater than 200 degrees. Contact for her have been accidental brushes. Hope that helps
Yes the are, but they don't stay up well before or after washing.
6 pack is 6 total pieces per order, quantity of 6 single sleeves in a single pack, or 3 pairs of 2 sleeves.
ice bin, ice maker cube unit, water line from supplied control valve and misc mounting hardware, and instructions.
I'm not sure how old your fridge is but on my fridge it said what icemakers are compatible on the back this unit does come with extra parts for different applications I would say id you want to be sure go to a lowes or homedepot and ask them they sell them there but you will get a much better price on amazon
YES
Not sure it will fit the 11 cubic ft model. Whirlpool ice makers do however fit various models. You should be able to google the model or part number of your existing ice maker to check.
Yes! This is the one we bought and it works really well in our Whirlpool refrigerator.
Mine did not come with a filter.
Yes it does. The 4396508 Filter replaces these older filter part numbers: 04609010000 04609902000 04609908000 2186444 2200203 2203220 2203221 2203980 223764 2255518 2255519 2255520 2255709 229346 2305766 2305767 2305768 4396163 4396164 4396508 4396508P 4396508T 4396509 4396509P 4396510 4396510P 4396510T 4396562 4396563 4396918 46-9902 46-9908 4609902000 4609908000 46195022000 46195022077 46195023294 461951401681 469902 469908 481281720000 481281728986 491849 643898 6508 6510 8212491 9902 9902P 9908 9908P AFF5 AP3182816 AP3182817 AP3672633 L400 L400V L500 LC400 LC400V NL240 NL240V NL300 NLC240 NLC240V NLC250 PL400V PNL240V PS879461 PS896755 PWF-L400V PWF-NL240V WF-285 WF-300BR WF-L400 WF-L400V WF-L500 WF-LC400 WF-LC400V WF-NL240 WF-NL240V WF-NL300 WF-NLC240 WF-NLC240V WF-NLC250 WF285 WFL400 WFL400V WFL500 WFLC400 WFLC400V WFNL240 WFNL240V WFNL300 WFNLC240 WFNLC240V WFNLC250
"on the ""Aqua Fresh"" box it lists all the model numbers that are compatible. Included are Kenmore/Sears 9002,9008.9010,46-9002,46-9008,46-9010, and 46-9002P Donna will have to check her model number."
Hi Larry, I think your model # is the push button water filter. Is there a button on the bottom that you have to push to eject? As for this water filter you just have to turn. You should be able to find your owners manual on line, this might be more help to you. Have a great Day!
"I'm not 100% sure, but it probably is the same filter. The filter (from Amazon) is made by Pur so the ""P"" probably represents ""PUR,"" and is most likely their way of keeping track of part numbers. I hope this helps."
all side by side whirlpool refrigerators, freezer on the left side, filter is below freezer door.
I guess it is best to check with your local city or town. Some have a recycle center for such articles.
It probably doesn't have anything to do with the product itself. I believe Amazon prices tend to fluctuate day to day, depending on inventory levels. My guess is there are just more of the 1-packs in stock right now, so the prices are set to incentivize customers to purchase that pack size instead of the 2-pack.
The recommend filter for your model number is the 4396508 Whirlpool Refrigerator Water Filter.
Yes
i am serious when i advise the following: the rubber o rings on end may need a little lubrication... wet them and really push the filter in and turn. if ya have to use some pliers and gently turn to twist. ive changed many filters and as long as filter is correct for the refrig follow what i suggest.
It does say on the bottle that it is sodium EDTA.
Just use the cap off the bottle to measure 2 cap fulls per gallon.
No scent at all. Works pretty good. I still see a little white dust on things around the house.
Yes, unless your humidifier specically says not to add any chemicals to the water. Also, when I used the Best Air treatment, it still produced white dust.
No
I can't say about using it in your home heating humidifier, but I wouldn't use it in your system. This product wasn't able to prevent white dust in a portable humidifiers, so I can't see any reason to believe it will work any better in your home system. Save your money, don't buy it.
I don't know, and I've stopped using it in the water tanks. It's caustic.
I would assume you don't even need to use this treatment then. Do you have a problem with mineral build-up after about a week? I use this treatment to try to help keep the mineral build-up at a minimum, but even with that, I soak the bottom of the unit, plus the tray in vinegar for a few hours every week.
The Bionaire website has all the sizes and info you need.
yes they look the same
They look to be the same, but note that the package I got was only three filters, and I had to recycle one of the old ones. Still works fine!
No, you will need to replace them. The unit should let you know when it is time.
http://www.appliancefactoryparts.com/search/part/278092/119227/ found this, but, don't know anything about it. My model is a BCM 658 and the filter is different than this one. Sorry, I couldn't be of more help....
Yes
"7 1/2"" tall and 5 1/4"" wide"
Yes, this filter fits 118 models.
In the product description on the Amazon website, it shows that it fits this model, among many others.
i don't know if it will fit, i bought these because they looked like the one for my machine, but they are too long. i just cut them down to fit.
My humidifier called for 813 and they fit and work fine just maintain them as recommended by your humidifier manufacturer.
"""After market"" means that the item is not an original component made by the manufacture. Example, a charger for your iPad that is not made by Apple, or a charger for your phone. These filters are working fine in my humidifier, but they don't ""fit perfectly."""
"3 1/2"" x 5 3/4"" x 1 1/2"" thick."
Sorry to say I am not familiar with graco cool mist. It's a 5.75 x 3.5 filter which sits upright in the bottom where the water it. Does this help?
the unit will not work without the filter, it is neccessary that the filter is in place to draw the water up in suspension so the fan can move the air through the filter and into the room.
Yes, that is the model I use it in.
NO - it will not work with any humidifier. It is made of very flimsy materials, it does not absorb any water at all, there is no wafer like absorption area like the original filters that come with your machine. Do not fall for these as I did thinking any replacement filter would work. I ordered a set of two. Sealed together by each other in plastic wrap -- they are over one inch different in size even one from the other. These are truly worthless.
It has a large knockout for an oval duct; I had to use tin-snips to cut out a round hole to go straight up. There is no way to vent backward into the wall
need to be wired. This product may not even meet UL requirements. the switch wiring is all bare metal without insulation. I bought here for $65, but Lowes sells for $40.
I am not sure if I understand your question. The filter is included.
"I measure 29 and 7/8ths to 29 15/16th. We're in the range that the accuracy or consistency of tape measures is critical variable. If you took a standard 30"" hood out you should be just fine. Even so nearly everything should fit in standard openings. With these sizes you're talking about, a lot depends on the ""squareness"" of the hole because you don't have a lot of clearance to work with. I'd say to go ahead and order--the odds are way in your favor--and you can always return it--just fit it in before doing all the other installation things. Glad to help."
No. Range hoods are almost always hard wired and therefore do not come with a power cord. If you are replacing an existing range hood the wire should already be there. If you plan to plug it into a wall outlet, you can purchase an appliance cord at your local hardware store, or probably order it from Amazon when you buy the range hood.
Yes this is a lighted hood but you will have to purchase a bulb for it.
Works very well easy installation.
I'm not sure. I ordered this as a gift and didn't see it in the package.
Shiny look
The warranty information is in the papers that came with your product.
Yes. I cut it by first drilling a hole and then used a jigsaw with metal cutting blade. Protect the surface of the metal, maybe some painters tape or something like that as I almost ruined my by the vibration scratches from the jigsaw. If you do it right the cover plate will hide the cut edges.
I went and checked. You can stick a magnet on it!
It use 4 screws to install. I don't know if you can glue on tiles
"Just re-measured mine. 29 7/8"" Didn't know this was an issue. I used two of these and centered them on the stove. You have burners on the edges of the stove, and a splash guard that ends at the edge of the stove won't give you full coverage for splatters. JMO. So, it wasn't that it was less than 30"" for me, I wanted something wider anyway. Hope that helps."
I used stainless steel screws . You can use liquid nails. But be sure its in exactly the right place if you do.
"You must reduce the size of the opening by using 1 1/2"" thick material on both sides."
Yes, they all do. There are four holes,one in each corner but it does not come with the hardware.
"Very simple. Remove the used filter by sliding it off and slip the new one on. If I am going to use the humidifier immediately, I usually soak the new filter in water before putting it on. That way, the humidifier is ready to go. Be sure to fill the water reservoir with fresh clean water. If your water is particularly hard, you might want to add a softening solution, such as ""Golden Solution Water treatment"". This is available at Amazon.com."
They are just about the same. The only difference I have found is the 14N is what is called an air wash filter because the blue is an extra layer of filtration for air born particles. As for humidifying the air they both work the same.
"It doesn't look like that ""in real life"". Much more sqatty, looks about as wide as it is tall, once you unfold it out of the box. I use it in my HCM-6000 series humidifier. Also fits HCM3500 and HM3600 series. I flip the filter every other day or two. Also I use a ProTec PC-1 Humidifier Tank Cleaning Cartridge in each of the two tanks to help keep down the mold, mildew and bacteria."
I have had my humidifier for three years now and have never had a problem. I think if it were mine I would clean it very,very well with bleach then use water conditioner they sell for them I use the little blue ball and water conditioner both.
We just replace it. Have never tried cleaning it, altough i think you can.
Yes the HC-14N (Filter E) is supposed to fit 6000 series, my humidifier is HCM 6009 fits perfect. I have to also use ProTec PC-1 Humidifier Tank Cleaning Cartridges to keep down the mold
This is what I have been using since 2012.....don't know how yours could be smaller???
PERMANENT Humidifier Wick Filter Extra-Long-Life Replaces HWF75 HWF221 HC-14 E for Holmes Honeywell Kaz ReliOn, try this one and save some money every 2-3 months. Otherwise it is 8 x 3 x 14 inches. Remember you have to flip them everytime you replenish the water.
These are disposable filters, you have to keep flipping them over each time you fill your tank to make them last longer. I would recommend you purchase from Amazon this: PERMANENT Humidifier Wick Filter Extra-Long-Life Replaces HWF75 HWF221 HC-14 E for Holmes Honeywell Kaz ReliOn It is a replacement for your size filter, and you wash it out with cold water, use only a vinigar solution if it gets calcification on it. For $24.64 you will save alot of money. The one you have should be replaced every 2 months, maybe 3, depending on your water.
I only had one issue with smell, but I use a antibacterial additive to prevent the problem. Now I don't get a smell even when the filter is ready to be replaced.
The unit automatically shuts off when it reaches the desired humidity level - turn the right knob clockwise for more humidity. If this does not work remove and replace the front half of the unit - the electrical connections are sometimes finicky. If this does not work - does your unit need to be cleaned?
"Sounds the same. From my experience, the flat ""hot plate"" with filter requires a bit less cleaning than the ""metal mound-style burner."" Use of filter is req'd however for the flat plate heater."
I bought one of these about a month ago, and this things never leaks. I don't even see where it could leak. If yours is leaking, it could be that there is a faulty part that you should replace, or maybe you have a piece out of place from when you cleaned it last. If it's very old, maybe the seal around the heating element is failing. But other than that, all the water is held in a solid plastic housing that couldn't leak unless it was cracked. Hope that helps.
A day and a half on lowest setting.
Yes. As soon as the water tank gets empty it shuts off automatically.
Doesn't say in booklet, on bottom of machine has 41LW? It is 120 V.
My unit has the circular plate at the bottom of a shallow cup and that's where a felt wick type pad goes. Great design.
I checked the labels on the packaging and there is nothing to indicate the point of origin. Legally, that means it must be made in the USA as they are required to clearly identify where they are from if not from USA. I also checked the purenex website and they indicate that their water products are assembled in the usa. That could mean that components are made elsewhere and assembled here, but again, they are SUPPOSED to state if they are assembled in USA using imported parts. I've been using these for over a year and they appear to work great. Only problem I have is that we have a LOT of particulate matter in our water and being 1 micron filters, they do plug up in 1 to 2 months. That is to be expected and not a fault of the filters.
Actually Purenex is too good. I have cloudy well water and the Purenex one micron does a great job cleaning up The sendiment. My problem is that I have to change the filter at least once a month. It is a hassle but at least my water is clean.
Unlikely, i think that would require some sort of charcoal filter?
The package claims 1 micron
"It depends on what the dimensions are. These are 10"" filters."
The package I received does state 1 micron sediment water filter cartridge on the label. I have been using them for several months now with no complaints.
"Any 10"" water filter."
The Purenex 1M-4PK is a type of hard foam wound to form the shape of the replacement coiled ones. it works well and can be cut to the exact size as it is exactly 10 inches long. I do not know if it equal to or better than the WHKF-GD05.
This filter is a 9-7/8-inch by 2-1/2-inch 1 micron sediment cartridge. It fits most industry standard 10-Inch filter housings, manufactured from pure polypropylene microfiber for reduction of sediment. Regards, WaterFiltersOnline.
Almost all whole house filter have the same size filter.
"usually. But you could also have a frozen water line in the door just behind the dispenser. Google your refrig on the web for ""no water in dispenser"" for answers on fixing that. I had a frozen water line and so changing my filter didn't do anything. Before you buy a new filter, try the ""by pass"" that came with your refrig when you first bought it. If the by pass allows the water to flow then, your filter is plugged up."
i had the same problem with mine. about 6-7 months later the water delivery started to drop. i changed the filter but it did not increase. my next conclusion was a blockage of some sort. i happen to have a oil changer for my cars that works on suction. i pulled the fridge out shut off water supply removed the filter and put in the plug that came with the fridge. then i hooked up the inlet to the fridge to the oil changer. pumped it up and the pressed the water dispenser bar in front of the fridge. it sucked out some dirt and some kind of thick little globs of who knows what. put it all back together and the water flowed like it was day one. here it is 8 months later and i see i need to blow it out again. also fyi, you do not have to use the ge filters. a company called swift green filters makes one that fits. model sgf-g9 i found it for about 18.00 it is rated the same as the ge but for less money. as for the oil changer it is a mightyvac mv7400. it was about 50.00 but worth it because we have 3 cars and at 30.00 a pop for an oil change it was worth buying and it doubles for the suction for the fridge. hope this helps you.
The MWF is a new slimmer design It replaces GE water filter part numbers GWF, GWFA, GWF01, GWF06, MWFA, and Hotpoint HWF, HWFA . An adapter may be needed if you have the following filters: FXRC, FXRT, MXRC, HXRT, WR97X10006, and Kenmore 46-9905.
Most places in US, yearly. Florida, twice a year. Based on average use. A household with 4 kids differs from a household of 2 mature adults. My monogram is 14 years old. perfect so far.
I haven't had that issue but I think I still can help. Your fridge should have an indicator when the filter needs to be changed, BUT if it doesn't, then on average, every 3 to 4 months is what I use for a guide. However, I HAVE discovered that there are times when the water speed is very slow, & not strong, however even though the indicator isn't showing the need for a change, if I change the filter the flow is perfect again. So, I reckon you should try changing it if it's been about 3 - 4 mos. If that doesn't help the ice poduction for you, I'd check with the manufacturer. Guess they just don't make 'em like they used to. Hope that helped you.
According to the manufacturer it will filter approximately 300 gallons of water or 6 months. In my experience the water flow starts to slow down when the filter needs replacing. Another way to ensure that you replace it at the right time is to write the date of instillation on the filter with a black marker.
The filter does NOT have to be primed. However, after it is installed, you must run at least a gallon of water through it. Be careful while running that gallon as the high water pressure may cause it to splash for a few seconds.
According to Manufacturer, this does not remove fluoride from water.
Hello, if the model number will be the same only then its going to fit
No. You do not. It will dribble a tad but that's it. Run a gallon of water through it after changing it and you're done.
It's more of a over. I would recommend to actually purchase it through the company and get a warranty if possible. It's known to malfunction. Hope that helps.
Yes, it does!
You can choose and frequency you want. I use it for cello and it works fine except for sometimes in the lower register like open C
Well, when I first bought mine, I forgot to turn it off about 2days and it drained my batt. The metronome acted funny when there is not enough juice power. I guess that because the battery included with purchased maybe to its dued date. With new battery, I have been more careful to turn it off when not use it. Still last for several months. The product is great. Recommended to friends & teachers. They all love it. :)
"My tuner says ""Made in Korea."""
It stays on the last tempo that was set before turning off. It doesn't reset.
Yes
"I did not use a drill, I used my crop-i-dile to punch holes, the 1/4""."
You should be ale to.
That's exactly what they can be used for. They protect wires running through a material (ie glass, metal, plastic etc etc) from chafing which could cause a short or malfunction.
Nope. These guys were definitely not the right fit. I ended up going to a brew shop to get the right size.
I used them in a canning jar lid and they fit snugly. You might be able to us them on something slightly thicker but not much. They are very pliable. Hope this helps.
No. It's a close fit, but will not seal. Depending upon your application, you might be able to apply a sealant that would satisfy, but these are made to reduce chafing of wiring or tubing that passes through a panel, not creating a seal.
My straws were 8 inches long 5.5mm diameter. They were paper straws 144 per box from Kirkland.
It us cold in Detroit and no issues so far. We have not had any snow so I can't answer that one
Nothing behind the plate. There are four pre-cut screw holes at the four corners of the plate to attach the plate to the siding of your house. The original owner of our house drilled four holes into the siding/insulation and then insert wall anchors into the holes before inserting the four screws to hold the plate in place. It worked well.
There's a shuttle valve inside the big section and it moves inside the top comes off to clean the vent it works well u might have to trim some flash off the rails if it doesn't slide easy
No
I'm not sure if a bath exhaust fan would have enough pressure to open the vent. The vent uses a inverted plastic 'cup' riding in the center of the assembly to seal the vent when not in use. The 'cup' may weigh a little to much to open with a fan, but works great with a dryer. You might try contacting the manufacturer.
"Don't know about ""specifically"" but I don't see how mice could get into the vent when the dryer is off. When the dryer is running there is a ""gap"" but there's also the ""wind"" coming thru the vent so I wouldn't think mice would climb into the hot wind."
No it doesn't. We did not have any pipe as this was new construction, it ran $4 at the hardware store. I have had these before and the old pipe worked on this.
Yes we have used ours for about 6 months and it works fine. Our vent was open to the outside before and we had wind noise, with this, no more wind noise. Our fans are fairly strong air flow but I think any exhaust fan would open it for venting.
White.
The cover opens and then the baffle inside can be lifted off so you can clean everything quickly and easily.
This is set up to provide a metered amount during disposal use, you do not want to do this manually because you'll end wasting a lot. The are a lot of other products out there to add to a septic system manually that work great. Don't waste your time and money trying to do it with this item.
close to 8-9 months
When the dark fluid is gone and the container is clear and empty- you need to have access to be able to it because you only know visually
hi I personally have never experienced it falling out I don't know if you don't click that in tight sometimes you have to push it up hard and try to pull it out yourselfif it continues falling out then I would send it back maybe it's a defect I hope this is helpful to you try pushing it up hard
I was sold on the feature that this Insinkerator product will enhance the microbial activity in my septic. I had never used a garbage disposal before my kitchen remodel in mid 2014. I have not seen any diverse activity in my septic sas of now with the use of this product.
I have used this product for over 10 years. Once, and only once I did feel a drip while I installed the new cartridge. All I did was to press the button and push the bottle in again. Never a leak since. From my experience, if it leaks, it is the installer's fault ;-) Don't worry, just push the release button and push the bottle all the way in.
Well, make sure that there isn't a cap over a center hole on the bottom! Also, most will have a red button on the bottom that is a circuit breaker. Press that in a test run it. Assuming that doesn't work, kill the circuit to the disposer. Then use the oldest method in the books. Stick a broom handle down in side and lever it around and around, reversing direction. Use a flashlight to look inside for things like glass or flatware and carefully fish them out. Rinse only if the water is flowing through. Try and fire it up! If you hear nothing but a click, which can happen at the same moment as the switch clicks so it is easy to miss, the breaker may pop again. Try it all a few times before ordering a new one! Good luck!
Yes
Insinkerator sells only one size JamBuster for all their models. It only took a couple of wiggles for me and was cheaper than a plumber visit of a replacement. I had a sawed-off piece of broom handle, just in case, to pry from the top. Be sure to turn off the power to the disposal.
Work the wrench back and forth in both directions. If the wrench will not turn easily, it is OK to use some force. Continue working with the wrench until it turns freely in complete circles in both directions. Check the overload protector. The overload protector is located under the sink, on the bottom of the disposer, facing the floor. It is a small red button. If the overload protector has tripped, you will see the red button dropped down. Press the red button. With the disposer powered OFF, check inside the grinding chamber. Look down into the disposer using a flashlight. Do not place your hand into the disposer. If you see anything in the disposer, remove it using tongs or pliers.Turn on the water, then the disposer. The disposer should now run. If the problem is rust or mineral deposits stuck on the blades, you can try a chemical like CLR Calcium Lime Rust Remover. Use it to liquify the mineral deposits and free the blades so they will spin. If the disposer continues to jam, you may need to service or replace it.
I don't know the size but it fit my Insinkerator perfect. I get the feeling it is pretty much a standard size for all garbage disposals. Worked great and fixed it within minutes.
The Insinkerator web site lists this exact same wrench as a Badger accessory. So, Insinkerator says it fits. Good luck with fixing your jam and be sure to have the power disconnected. I went to the circuit breaker box to do so.
We didn't have to cut away anything for ours. Fit perfectly.
It should work and just drop into to opening and fit snugly since the various models have a universal opening diameter.
Erin: Just reach in and pull out the old splash guard/baffle and press in the new one. Wetting the new unit will make pressing it in that much easier.
"I am not familiar with the Waste King brand. The measurements of this item are 3 5/16"" diameter by 3/4"" depth."
Yes
Michele, it really does, probably because of the way it makes fluid flow. Easy out for cleaning. Only complaint would be that waste needs help down thru as it gets caught on the flaps. But would buy again w/o hesitation, as a quick, easy, inexpensive fix.
"If you look at your insinkerator and it says badger then yes, other wise I'm not sure. The product says ""For use on Badger products only"" My insinkerator is a badger 1and it works great. Hope this helps."
According to Insinkerator's web site, it is for Badger Products only.
It fit perfectly in my Badger 5 1/2 hp in-sink-erator. You cut the old one out and put this one in.
I believe it's the date of manufacture. I don't see how such an item could have a product expiration date. Hope this is helpful.
I copied this from a web site (waterfilters.net)Culligan has discontinued the IN-1 filter and replaced the IN-1 filter with newer technology. The Culligan IC-EZ-3 inline filter system has replaced the Culligan IN-1 system. The Culligan IC-EZ-3 has different fittings and will completely replace the Culligan IN-1. I had to remove the fittings and just stick the water line into the filter.I like the newer design,easier to replace the filter.
I'm not sure about Kenmore, but it is similar to GE brand sold at Home Depot. This Culligan water filter price is better then GE and it is supposed to last up to 12 mos.
I could not find a warranty in the installation instructions. Their tech support number is 1-800-721-9243, as listed on my instructions. Might try giving that a call.
"I needed just what they advertised for my JennAire exhaust and this was perfect. If I ordered 5"" & got 4"" it would go back (visa versa)"
you will need to insulate either of them, wrap them in fiberglass insulation and duct tape.
I attached one end of the Lambro flexible aluminum duct to the crimped end of a 5 in. x 60 in. 30-Gauge Galvanized Round Sheet Metal Pipe from Home Depot and the other end to Speedi-Collar SC-05D 5-Inch Diameter Take Off Start Collar with Damper from Amazon.com. No transition pipe was needed, I used 5-1/2 inch metal worm drive clamps to fix the Lambro duct to the galvanized pipe and to the starter collar. Advice: do not try to stretch the Lambro flexible aluminum duct to more than 48 inches. If you overstretch it, it damages irreversibly
No
I believe it is about 16 or 17 inches! Also the brand label is stapled on to one of the ends so you have to remove it before you use it! Careful not to poke yourself!
Not sure. I'm using it for a portable a/c vent into ceiling space. It is kinda thin and doesn't seem durable enough for a furnace vent
I would think it would stretch to the 5 feet advertised. When it arrived, it was probably less than 2.5 feet. I only needed about a foot and I only stretched the piece out a few inches. It is similar to the 4 inch aluminum dryer duct you can buy most anywhere. You need to be careful not to crush it but it worked fine for me. My application was to connect a kitchen vent to the solid pipe in the ceiling.
of course you should upgrade your electrical wire, why not? Don't mess with a thinner than required electric wire.
My husband says that yes it does matter. He says all this is covered in the directions. So, please take a few minutes and peruse the directions included with the disposal.
When I upgraded, I did not need a new power cord.
Yes
Yes. It works on a normal 110/120 volt wall outlet.
The cord is at least 16 it doesn't say on package. I bought this for the instant hot but it already had a cord on it. This extra cord wasn't needed and it's for a waste disposer.
There is no power button, the activation happens by using a switched outlet. The switch needs to be wired by an electrician.
any detergent you like and it's one teaspoon or one tablespoon. I have one but it started leaking and now doesn't spin. Was the best thing for me. Trying to find me another one.
Regular household outlet, 110 NOT 220. Hope this helps.
It twists one direction, then the other direction, like clock wise and counter clockwise. You can set it for a few minutes or up to 15 minutes. The water does not drain, you fill it up and empty it out in a sink or whatever. Felting wool generates loose fibers that are detrimental to a regular washer. You can stop the a wonder a washer at any time. There is a gentle cycle and standard cycle. I often turn it on again to felt a bigger piece. As a washer I am sure one 15 period would be plenty. Hope this helps!
"It was capable of doing a pair of jeans in it but I didn't feel like it did a good enough job ""washing""."
Not that I know of. But a salad spinner can be used separately. It may only accommodate a few items at a time, but it can spin the excess water out.
Yes, one sheet at a time.
Very good they will not hear the washer very soft noise
It's terrific for felting. Just include a few tennis balls with the load to help with agitation. See my review for more information and thoughts on felting.
I've felted slippers in this several times. I added 3 tennis balls to the load to help with agitation. It took a few cycles to really felt the amount I wanted but it's so easy to check on. I have a front-load washer that is hard to stop in the middle of a cycle and I risk over-felting with that, so the Wonder Washer is great. It also keeps all of that yarn fuzz out of my regular washer. I take the water from my Wonder Washer and dump it outside so that the fuzz doesn't go down my drain either - the birds find it and line their nests with it!
no
Yes, but you will have to cut them down to smaller size
The Air-O-Swiss AOS A451 Anti-Mineral Pads are the same size and will fit. ASIN: B00ME5SVUU The Honeywell Mineral Absorption Pads 12 Pk HMP-12P has been discontinued by the manufacturer, and is no longer being produced.
The only solution I can give you before you throw away the filter is to see if you cut them to fit better if they are to big. I do not have your type of humidifier.
Yes, most of this filters should fit the machine as long as it is round.
I looked up Air-O-Swiss S450 and the ones that I bought are 3 3/8 diameter. Just by looking at them seems that they may fit. Just measure to see it is almost the same size, these are way cheaper and it will do the same job.
They fit very nicely on the flat metal heating disk before you replace the plastic cone. They will get hard when they are spent and ready to be changed.
It is 3 1/4 inches in diameter
They are taut washer hoses...not much flexibility in them, but, for their use as washer hoses, they do not need to be flexible.
They have operations in North America, Europe and Asia.
No
"TJ, The pair I received do not look the those shown. I know for a fact the ones pictured are 1/2"" inside dia. The Watts hoses I received are indeed 3/4"" inside dia. and marked with blue and red stripes. I hope this helps you !"
"The smallest ID is close to 3/8""."
I believe that it should. Mine is next to some gerbil cages that get dust baths. The dust gets caught in the carbon filters and what doesn't get caught there it gets caught in the HEPA filter.
"The filter requirements is a bit confusing. Three HEPA filters and three carbon filters are required for the larger room model # HAP756-U which I recently purchased and currently using. (Two of both the HEPA and carbon filters are required for the smaller room unit HAP726) Three true HEPA filters were included with the my unit and already installed (there are no discernible marking on the installed filters I can detect indicating a filter model number). However, there were no carbon filters installed or included with my purchased unit but I did purchase a pack of 4 which I installed when I set up my unit. I purchased a package of 2 Holmes make HEPA replacement filters (HAPF600D - B Filters) at the same time. Had I researched this better, I would have purchased the same box of 2 filters, plus 1 lone filter (same model #) since the unit requires that all three filter be changed when the red light indicates the filters be replaced. I am not aware of any distinction between an HAPF600 and an HAPF600D filter and I couldn't find this out on the Holmes website, either. Perhaps (but not sure) the ""D"" version removes either different allergens or more allergens from the air. As far as the ""B"" designation, I believe this identifies these as HEPA filters versus the ""C"" designation applied to the carbon filters."
I have just purchased filters on Amazon. Holmes HAPF60-U3 Carbon Replacement Filter Sold by Surplus Supply and Holmes HAPF600 Allergen Replacement HEPA Filter Sold by Electronics Warehouse Outlet
Comes three medium filers and three carbon filters.
This is not an ionizng air cleaner. Just forced air.
5 yr limited warranty. I've used mine daily for almost a year. I like it. It is loud on levels 3 and 4 (4 is high)
The manual states a 5 year limited warranty.
After replacing the filters, RESET the Filter Life Indicator by inserting a small object (such as a paper clip) into the hole below the filter change light marked reset ( ).
incredibly easy
Yes, 3 HEPA and 3 carbon filters.
If you have a wooden dowel or even a wooden spoon, remove the strainer cover look into the disposal and find the cutter heads. You should be able to see two of them protruding above the disc. First make sure the power is off, unplugged if possible. Place the dowel or spoon against one of the cutter heads and give it a sharp rap with a hammer. Don't get carried away it shouldn't take much if the cutter disc moves you should be able to restore power and try it again. Good luck!
I can't really say, since my boyfriend replaced it for me. He replace my old Waste King 191 with this new Waste King 191. All I do know for sure is that it only took like 20 minutes and he said it was very easy.
Yes. Be sure to pop out the plug.
4.0 Amp draw, 115 Vac, 60 Hz, 1/3 HP
That's how i did it, only replaced what is in this picture
Yes, there is a reset button on the bottom of the unit.
That I'm not sure of. There's a lot of YouTube videos, so one might say. You could also Google Whirlaway 191/184 and sure you'll get an answer. Good luck.
You have to buy the cord separetly if you dont already have one. Usually the one off your old garbage disposal will work.
I have no experience with the 291
"I'm not sure what ""specs"" are wanted, but the installation papers give this # for inquiries: 1-800-854-3229. Hope it helps."
I've used it for both in a wicking humidifier (as opposed to one using heat or sonic vibrations to atomize the water). We use the humidifier nearly continuously since both our heater and central air dry the house terribly. Note that the treatment prevents scaling by keeping the deposits soft so that you can wipe/wash them away. It cannot keep the calcium from precipitating out of the water. Bacteria will build up over several months time if you don't change your filter, no matter what solution you use. The anti-bacterial formulas in all products like this one kill of most of the bacteria/alge, but cannot be 100% effective. I change my wicking filter ever couple of months. The Best Air Treatment keeps my humidifier fresh and clean between filter changes.
NO it does not. That is one of the things I like about it. ( NO SMELLS ) Richard
As I understand the directions, you are to add one cap full each time your refill the water reservoir. It helps eliminates odors and helps keep the humidifier free of fungus and mildew.
Helps control bacterial & algae build-up. We bought this because of the company claim. We have not owned our unit long enough. To say it works. Check to see if your unit allows for this type of this type of item. If it does. I would give it a try. Crane Drop Shape Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier with 2.3 Gallon output per day. Crane Hs-3161 Drop Shape Humidifier Filter. We bought this unit this liquid this filter. So far are Happy.
Hi. It's just too dangerous that's why. Ultrasonic and vaporizer type humidifiers expel the water + chemical solution throughout the room. Standard evaporation type humidifiers just evaporates water, and the chemical stays in the tank to do its job. These chemicals are alkyl dimethyl and diethyl ammonium chlorides. It is highly concentrated in the bottle, and causes damage to mucosal surfaces as well as the cornea. It's just like any chemical (chloride for example) that is dangerous at high concentrations.
It's to keep bacteria, algae etc. down, it works in cold water and vaporizers heat the water. This heated could be poisionous to breathe, use it only as recommended which is in a humidifier.
Not for use in vaporizers or ultrasonic humidifiers
dimethyl benzyl ammonium chlorides 1.125% and dimethyl ethylbenzyl ammonium chlorides 1.125% and inert ingredients 97.750%
It isn't a manufacturer-specific product, so while I can't say for sure, I do not see why it would be a problem. Most humidifiers are built fairly similarly.
That's a question I can't answer with certainty. I've experienced yellowish edges on the leaves and some spots here and there. Not sure if it was from this product or something else. Overall my plants were ok.
Absolutely not. Dryer vent house takes high temps. That'll cause a fire.
Yes, but not real clean. The spiral wrap of the wire requires a bit of an angle on the cut and you'll need a wire cutter for the reinforcing wire. It'll be a little ragged but it can be done.
Sorry... im not sure. It's strong enough for a ferret to run through, though :-) and yes you could see dirty water. It might b.e hazy a little to see through but is pretty clear.
It retracts a little bit, but after you stretch it out it mostly stays that far stretched.
It's about 8 ft AFTER being stretched.
Yes it is very easy to see what ever object is put in it. We used it for our ferret, she could be seen quite clearly. It's 8 foot length was great. We attached them to several cages to make a maze. That way she wasn't roaming loose in the house and we could find her easily.
There's no way to trap the humidity. When necessary I open doors and windows to ventilate, but often in the winter when it's cold and dry the warm humid air is welcome in my apartment. In the summer I don't really use the dryer much anyway. I have not had a problem with moisture but my apartment is larger and the dryer is in a relatively open area. If it is in a small, poorly ventilated space this may be an issue.
Yes, i have the haier compact electric dryer that i use it with.
Michael, I think you would have a problem with lint and moisture not being drawn upward and what would the bath vent do with the lint if it got there? I bought this for my fifth wheel, but it just filled the bed room with moisture.
The base is made of light weight plastic. I have a hard time keeping the top attached to the base and believe this is more likely to pull off than it would be to topple over once the base is filled with the correct amount of water.
It varies. I guess it's according to how often you use the dryer and the type of clothing you are drying.
No
Yes that's what I did.
It's works fine with a full size LG dryer
got one
This vent does not contain heat. The heat from the dryer goes into the container and hits the water that you put in the container. The water attracts the lint and then the warm air escapes through the five large openings. I do not see how this can be used for a portable air conditioner.
I had it installed in a granite composite sink and it used standard fittings. I called the manufacturer and got info from them
Yes it does, just remember to remove the plug where the dishwasher drain hose connects.
In 25 years the company may no longer be in business. The warranty reads as long as you have the disposal and you have not done something to break it, like trying to grind things that the instruction manual tells you it can't grind, it will be fixed or replaced. There is nothing, that I remember, in the warranty about proration. I believe the warranty also said it provides both parts and labor to fix it. I would go to the website and read the warranty on the unit. The plumber that installed it said it is one of the best disposals he has installed. This is a very powerful disposal, you will see that the first time you turn it on.
Yes
"From the underside of the sink to the bottom of the disposal it's about 15.5"". The drain centers about 7.5"" from the underside of the sink. Hope this helps!"
I had a second thought about the waste king - It was my fault but I thought you and everyone should be aware. The tightening nut at the top of the unit needs to be watched for loosening by itself, when it does, it leaks in the cabinet. Just keep it tight and it works great.
"See the youtube video called ""Waste King Garbage Disposal EZ mount system"" and/or the video ""How to Easily Purchase & Install a ""Waste King"" Garbage Disposal from Amazon.com"". You need to fit the rubber ring properly. Put the hard, screw-on, silver ring on first. Then the black rubber ring. Lift the silver ring up and out of the way so you can fit the rubber ring INTO THE GROOVE ON THE DISPOSAL and then let the silver ring drop back down on top of the rubber ring."
Probably a result from a law suit brought on by somebody that could stick their hand down the opening.
"We purchased our Waste King L-8000 on Amazon. The noise is low....like a humming. Of course, you can tell it is on. I suggest contacting your contractor. It should not be ""dramatically loud."" If it continues; contact Waste King, they have great service and I believe no cost to you."
Yes, the bottom of the unit is removable allowing you to remove the power cord. Per the manufacturers website you can hardwire the unit without voiding the warrantee.
at each end of the filter it comes with fittings that are 1/4 male. you can use 1/4 ice maker brained stainless supply line hose or you can make your own hoses by using 1/4 poly tube and put the nuts at the end and use that. you could also use copper lines too. you will need two hoses one for each side, both 1/4
"This filter has (female) 1/4"" threaded openings on both ends that accept 1/4 "" male fittings. Hope this helps?"
yes,good luck on your project. check your thread, should be good to go. update you may want to use plumbers tape on your threads, and do not over tighten; you will do a good job, just take your time, and check for leaks until they are okay!
You can have it laying on the floor. I mounted mine on string from the refrigerator so it would move back and forth with the refrigerator and be up above the trim around the base of the wall. Now I can push my refrigerator back another 1/2 inch or so.
It says made in USA.
Installed it about 2 months ago. Haven't had any problems.
Yes, that is what I had previously. I believe the Watts is just slightly longer than the other one, but no more than an inch or so.
"I can answer a couple. 1. Not sure about copper tubing. 2. Yes you can mount horizontal. I've got mine under my fridge. 3. No, this filter is it. It's an inline filter, you replace the whole thing. I love this filter. I replaced my fridge one with this. Water tastes much better and much less ""floaties"" from ice cubes."
No
"no mounting hardware filter great has the brass end for 1/4"" hose"
Yes, but put the fan on high speed and control the speed with the new variable speed switch.
As long as this is not a capacitor start motor it will work
My son in law is a building electrician.I asked him the same question when I bought the 8 amp.He said to get as far away as you can from the 5.9 amp motor.The 8 amp is a very good price and you won't find it on ebay because I looked. If you can afford the 10 amp get that one.You do not want to deal with the switch getting warm.That 8 amp switch I bought is working beautifully.You will burn up the 6 amp switch!!!
It works great in my Sears whole house attic fan circa 1986. Don't know if it has a capacitor or not.
I don't know if it will hadndle more than one fan or not. Depends on how many amps total they draw. It does fit in a wall box.
It will depend on how many amps the grinder draws while running. If I remember right this switch is good for ten amps. A small grinder would work fine.
"Not sure I understand what your saying. What do you mean by a ""cap. starter motor""? But, you need to go by the amps on the motor. Make sure the motor is below the highest capacity for the controller."
a rheostat is not compatible with a 2 speed motor. The motor will over heat and short out. You need a single pole, double throw switch.
I connected 3 wires, hot, neutral, and the ground wire to the receptacle box.
There's a small screwdriver speed adjustment (on the side, I think). You use this to set the speed so that the motor won't stall. Set the knob at minimum speed, then adjust the screwdriver setting so that the motor is just turning. Try powering it off and back on to make sure you are giving it enough juice to start.
Don't know, I used one on a NON compactor ceiling fan, It works Great!!!
The quality of this unit is not great.
I doubt it, I suspect your motor may be a capacitor start and a higher than 2.5 amp load, which are specifically not supported.
If it works with your blower, it will work with a thermal switch. I use this switch on my two Lennox gas fireplaces and wired a http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0026RYU4W/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1 thermostat inline underneath. The switch is on the wall and the thermostat is attached to the sheet metal underneath the firebox.
You could probably daisy chain them if the total current draw doesn't exceed the rated capacity of the unit.
Yes, i used a watt meter and the draw at full speed was 58 watts, turned down to lowest was 38 watts. I use it on an air filter unit and it traps more dust on the lower speed. The higher speed without the speed controller just blew dust around, and trapped less dust.
Yes
No
It's a mini freezer, not a refrigerator.
small freezer
Manual Defrost, still working great.
6ft. and we love it.
No
It's a mini freezer, not a refrigerator.
small freezer
Manual Defrost, still working great.
6ft. and we love it.
The area for scent pads does NOT heat up. You can use a pad there but it won't make any difference. This is a very poor product. My Review: I bought this in-store because of the no-filter reason alone. I have now had to throw it away and I am using Amazon to read customer reviews before purchasing online. I liked this for the first 2 months; the sound was noticeable but sounded like 'white noise', which didn't bother me. I followed the regular cleaning suggested by the manufacturer and thought all was good... until I noticed orange/pink mold forming in all the crevices I couldn't reach. I tried to take it apart (without disassembling the motor area, obviously) but there were still so many areas with the tint of color. I continued to use it and within about a week from this point, there was black mold spotted everywhere inside. I looked up how to clean it online and I came across the Amazon reviews. I noticed many people saying that this left a white film in the room and it finally clicked: Our wood furniture, baseboards and fan blades had been needing a lot of extra cleaning that I didn't think much about beforehand... but it's only in the room w/ the humidifier! I'll second all of the reviews on here expressing their opinions about how bad the white film and mold is with this product. The company wouldn't even let me return it without paying over $20 in shipping and they couldn't guarantee a refund/replacement.
If you set it on the lower and middle settings there is little sound. When it's time for cleaning you get more noise. This is my third unit.
Not true at all, it is very noisy and not efficient at all.
I never had any problems with Mold and Mildew, but I did use those little balls that you can purchase for this unit. My biggest problem was that it left a white, chalky feeling coating on all surfaces within 3 ft. of the unit. It would take too much distilled H2O to got that route. I stopped using it.
You don't have to use it. If you do, you use special vicks infused pads.
Cool mist. I highly recommend getting a crane. They are awesome and so easy to keep clean!
I own one and it is NOT difficult to clean. Initially I scrubbed the parts with ajax to get rid of the layer mold. It was difficult and took a lot of time to do... but later I realized if I soak the main three component parts in a bleach water mixture, there is NO SCRUBBING TO DO! It does a great job and the mold gets killed off by the bleach everywhere in the unit! After a few hours, just rinse the parts, that's all! No rubbing or scrubbing!!!
On the motor side only the bottom part with 3screws and the tube those you can take its out ,base and water container clean with vinegar .The motor I use air compressor to clean it. Use soft water as you can to avoid deposit Change the humidifier after 18 months
3 7/8 inches from center to center of each hole.
yes it does, thank you
I'm not sure,one inch maybe.But this is very good,I got 2 and I'm very satisfied.
There's a smaller handle On one side.
"Handle Set, 3-15/16"""
Yes.
No. C-1064 is keyed.
"Handle Set, 3-15/16"""
3 15/16
I have a mid 80's GE stove with one large burner and three small and these fit my stove perfectly.
I think they would, most burners are a standard size..
Yes
Not an expert but these should work on almost any flip up electric burners that are 6 and 8 inches
Yes these will fit an electric Hotpoint stovetop.
3 six inch with 3 rings and 1 eight inch with a ring.
I don't know. Goggle your measurements and they will tell what size to buy!
The package contains 1 large and three small pans and rings.
They didn't fit our hotpoint, a friend had to modify them with us but it was no easy task.
Mine is GE range and they fit perfect so can't answer that one for you.
They fit on my Kenmore range.
Yes I have the small and large and they fit my Frigidaire stove perfectly...Read the information on these burners and it should tell what stove brands they fit...Good luck...
It will work with most stoves, because it's a standard size.
". Small, 6"" Burner. Plug in style. 4 Turn. 1500 Watts, 240 Volts The element size for your Roper may be 8"", so Range Kleen 7381 may be more appropriate..."
"Please accept my apology for copying the incorrect #(7381), the 7361 lists these specifications: Product Information Technical Details Part Number 7361 Item Weight 9.6 ounces Product Dimensions 5.9 x 5.6 x 0.7 inches Item model number 7361 Size 6"" Item Package Quantity 1"
7 1/2 ( Seven and Half Inches )
Yes, my range is also Kenmore.
Brenda Not sure. It is a standard plug in connection that should work in any removable type burner. Hope this helps. Daryl
You have to check the specs and models of the brand that they replace which should be on parts replacement page.
This is the large one , And this will fit Amana
Not sure-but I've had problems with mine ever since I got it 2 years ago-it never sat flush and needs to be reseated constantly to work. I ordered replacement from different vendor
No
Yes
Yes
"Yes, you get three 6"" and one 8"". I like the black. They are easier to keep clean and look nice."
Yes
"Diameter = 7.5"" Pan depth = 1.5"" - 2.0"""
I am that customer - it is true! It says it right on the package that these do not fit GE stoves. I ended up going to Lowes and buying a very similar product - there were two types, one that said it would fit GE and one that said it would fit others. It cost about the same but I had to buy each piece individually.
"The inner edge that rests inside the large drip pan opening is 8 1/4"", outer edge that sits on top of the stove is 9 1/4""."
"I'm not sure about your model stove, but the drip pans measure (from outside edge to outside edge) 9.5"" for the large one and 7.5"" for the three smaller ones."
"I have personally gotten these-and still have them...You get 3 6"" and 1 8"""
9 3/4 and 7 1/2 are the outside measurements and they are about 1 1/2 or 1 3/4 inches deep - that's harder to measure.
Yes
You get 3 of the 6 inch and 1-8 inch drip pans. I love mine!
This is a one piece unit. There is no additional trim required.
I bought it to use for my Kenmore stove, however the 8 inch is just a tad too big, I still use it but it doesn't fit as snugly as the other three. I do have an older stove (from the 90's)so I don't know if that makes any difference.
yes
Sorry - not sure I can answer that since we have GE electric stove - - they fit ours fine
"You need to pull out the coil and measure the actual hole diameter for your small burner and large burner. The small must be 5 3-4"" and the large must be 7 3/4"". If not, don't buy."
I have a cheap Frigidaire stove and they fit beautifully.
I have not seen a Gibson stove. Mine is a magic chef, have had it for twenty years. It fits the eyes just fine, two large and two small. The small measure. 7 1/4 across outside, about 6 1/4 were the burner sit in the pan. The large are a lines ever 9 1/4 across outside, 8 1/8 or so we're the burner sits. The hole were the burner plugs to stove Los about Two. Inches. They look like they would fit most models. Gave my old stove a face lift!!
I don't own a Jenn-Air but if you need an opening about a quarter inch wide to fit over the clip that is in your stove and holds the pan in place, these are not for you. The opening is less than an eighth of an inch and not nearly wide enough for my Whirlpool Range that is about is about 15 years old.
"As long as the stove supports 6"" and 8"" electrical elements."
I don't know. They are an A.
It will not fit GE
They fit my Kenmore range.
yes
They should fit any standard size stove and they are very easy to clean.
"Soobie, The drip pans, at least for a GE range, are sized based on the diameter of the circular openings in the cooktop. My small element openings on the cooktop measure 6 7/16"" in diameter--just less than 6 1/2"". To simplify things the drip pan manufacturer calls the pan to fit this opening a 6"" pan. My large element opening measures 8 7/16""--just less than 8 1/2"" in diameter. The manufacturer calls the pan to fit this opening an 8"" pan. I would remove your elements and old pans, and measure the diameter of the openings. If they are like mine, then 6"" and 8"" pans will fit. By the way, these pans are of excellent quality. Regards, Rod"
ThTs what i used them for. They fit great!
Mine is white but I ordered by the model number...and the big one is way too big...have no idea who I'd get money back from...i did find 1...but sure ended up costing alot especially we are renting...the small one's were perfect...
They fit perfectly in my hotpoint stove
"Each grate is 8""x 8 1/2"""
I got these to fit a Whirlpool range.
not sure.. Sears will answer this question..
"I don't know but it fits my 30"" hotpoint range. The exact measurements are 8 5/8 wide. 8 5/8 long and 2"" high"
I think they are the larger size; the smaller dimensions match what I was looking for and these were just slightly too large.
"I've gotten 2 sets of range drip pans over the years through Amazon & I think one set is ""Range Kleen"" brand . . . . ours have always worked great!"
I'm sorry I don't know the answer to that question
Yes
Hello! I'm not sure about your stove exactly. The details of the item mentioned a certain manufacturer year of the stove. But for our stove they for awesome! Way better fit than the Walmart ones we purchased a few years ago.
"They were 6"" and 8""...to fit my Whirlpool range."
I am sorry, I don't know the answer.
No, they are just covers that need to be removed when you use the burner.
I would say it had a semi-glossy finish with a slight texture to it. So not super shiny, and the texture helps to not show every bit of splatter.
I love mine its not smooth and shinny. It's hard to explain what kind of texture but if you get it you will love it. I use it during Halloween.
Metal (thin not thick).
Yes
The first thing you should do is get the dimensions for each model and compare them. If they are close or identical in size it should be no problem. If they are of different dimensions or if you have installed a new sink where the drains are not in the same position (as I did in switching to an undermount granite sink), some minor reworking of the plumbing may be needed. Regardless, this should not be difficult. I picked up a garbage disposal install kit at Home Depot for about 15 bucks. It has a variety of PVC plumbing connections in various lengths and angles. You might have to jerry-rig some of the connections, but the kit comes with threaded connections and washers, so no PVC glue or primer is necessary. Just make sure you measure twice, cut once, and install the washers in the correct direction, and you should be able to make it work. I also found some excellent install videos on You-tube for my particular set up (double sink drains, with the disposal on the left side and the drain connection on the right). Good luck!
"Dear Jojo, I am not sure as don't know the mount system of this flange you mentioned. The Insinkerator flange has two pieces and the bottom one, that goes under the counter, has adjusting screws so you can you can tighten both pieces against each other from both sides of the sink bottom. Please note the screws go only from one piece of the flange to the other not trespassing the sink bottom. The flange is for 4-1/2 drain valve sinks and the attachment of the Insinkerator is a ""bayonet"" type. I am almost sure all Insinkerators use the same mount type. If this flange is made for American garbage disposers it will PROBABLY fit. But I would check the compatibility with the flange manufacturer. He is the one that can assure you a 100% on this. I hope I have helped. Good luck."
Don't really know but it was lighter than the one I took out. I use a built up stack of small 2 x 4's to hold it up and lock it into the sink.
I had one from when I purchased my place and it started leaking from the bottom intermittently. Insinkerator was very helpful but noted that it was over 7 years old and out of warranty from the serial number I supplied. I purchased another as it is one of the quietest disposals I've encountered and figured it would be an easy replacement (and it was). Customer service also seemed top notch and actually called a couple times to help me with the old unit. Just another note as I look at the one star reviews, the basket on my original one did not rust nor did the impellers freeze into place. I've actually started disassembling the old one and don't see much of any rust. There is some light surface rust around the impellers on the old and even my new one but think this is what one reviewer referred to as 'cosmetic' rust as it's non-scaling.
Its true the disposal drains slowly, I have a single bowl sink.
You need to buy a hako clamp or a Romeo to box connector and wire to connect to the disposal ~$10. The wire can be plugged into a switchable outlet under the sink. Good luck. Total cost estimate ~$200. I Bit the bullet as it will be my last, coming upon 80 yrs young!
I agree this is an issue. Sorry, I don't have the answer. Mine does drain but is much slower than when the disposer is running. It hasn't been enough to be an problem for me.
Yes you do!
Hi Sarah. It is 6 inches from te top of the disposer (the one in contact with the bottom surface of the sink) to the center of the circle that is the drain output. Please see image with measures here: http://images.insinkerator.com/pdf/evocompact_specs.pdf . Now, beware that because of the anti-noise external cover the space left to the wall inlet is a little bit reduced. I hope that helps. Good luck with your decision.
Yes, it's hardwired from the disposal and plugs into receptacle under the sink which is wired to the wall switch to turn the unit on and off. The wiring and electrical connector do not come with the unit and have to be purchased separately.
It doesn't come the iron. You fill out a form sent with the iron and in a few days (surprising) you will get the head, then screw it on. No problems.
I would think you need a converter since this a 120V product. You could check with the company to see if they make a 240V version.
I checked the document inside the case (I do not have the carton for reference) and agree that it indicates a 90 Day Warranty ONLY. My suggestion would be to pose that question directly to Wall Lenk since they have provided significantly varying information concerning their product. I'm not sure what the 5 year warranty stipulates, but I'm guessing it is very limited and probably not worth much. However, having published that information electronically, it could certainly be construed that their advertising supercedes the packaging and the internal paperwork.
"The head is about 2 3/4"" across, letter size in font sizes is about 28, quite readable, I like mine, any bigger and it would not work for me."
When your reading the branded item from left to right its 2.5 inches long. The wording is stacked on top of each other and that's .5 inch.
Sorry I can't help you there. but they are just a phone call away, great people to work with, had a element go out, I shipped it back and they sent out a new one.
Contact Wall Lenk directly. You can order from a number of the standard designs and they will work with you to design your own brand, as they did with me.
"My imprint area is 3/4"" x 2-7/16"". I have 14 letters for my name with one space between first and last name on the first line. I have a total of two lines on my imprint area. The size of the letter is 3/16"". Hope this helps. there are limitations on how many letters you can have , options available."
how much are the letters? do you carry them
I'm not sure, My second backup one burned out within 1 day of use. I called them and they told me to just send back to them and they would fix at no charge. I sent it in last week and waiting for it to get here. hope that helped
Jed Mine didn't come with any instructions ether! But it was not that bad.. The biggest challenge was the little rings that go over the two large ports, you use to secure the frame work back to the tank. Hope that helps you!
Hi Dana, The G6A-7 is the 96110. The price is $259.99 Joe
It's been a while since I purchased the tank but as I recall it is a 6 gallon tank.
There was no gasket needed with this tank. There were only the press rings to attach the burner assembly to the tank.
Yes, it comes with one.
Mine came with the box and elec heating element installed. All I had to do was connect the elec and the plumbing. Then connect up the gas heating burner on the front.
price on an inner tank for that model is $262.00. (80-1360) New water heater is 605.00. (80-1350)
This unit comes with the ability to connect more than one sensor. I put one sensor under my washer & purchased a second for under my dryer. I have a wye connector that splits the water going to the dryer and the washer. Should one of the sensors detect water, the solenoid valve will shut off. Once it shuts off, it will prevent water flow to either the washer or the dryer. A friend of mine did not have the shutoff kit & the hose going to his dryer developed a leak. Fortunately he was home & noticed the water flowing down the stairs to his basement. The sensors work as I tested each. I hope this answers your question.
"Apparently I have the ""old"" version (D cell batteries) but I've had the unit for several years and they've been no problem. I'd guess that they're using more solid state components and so are requiring less power -- thus the smaller batteries. In any case the system works, and works well. I wouldn't sweat the small stuff. PS - Also have the HWH system and have the same experience with it."
Yes, upside down or 90 degree will all work.
The sensor wires are not that long, approximatly 6' Not sure you would be able to use this on a water main. This model only hooks up to a hoes bib.
No, all this does is shut off incoming water from the faucet. If draining and the drain is clogged, there will be water on the floor. To faciliate this, another type of sensor will be needed.
Water will flow through the unit until the sensor detects a leak. There is an audible alarm then as well as a flashing light. There is no water flow then.
I purchased a FS3/4H90 v4 (version 4) which is lead free approx. 5 months ago. I do not know if this unit in the picture is earlier or later, my guess is it is an earlier unit.
I have no idea. You would have to contact Amazon or the manufacturer. My feeling is, why not get the sensors? They can't be that much more money and then you'll have extra parts just in case.
No. See the listing for FS 3/4H-90 v4.
I presume you are talking about the valves on the pipes coming out of the wall. If the hoses point up and the handles are on the bottom of the pipe, then, looking down at the fixture, you crank counterclockwise to shut the valve. It is an opposite action from your viewpoint. If you are still uncertain, then crank the valve handle to the limit of its travel in either direction. Then turn it the other way. If you suddenly hear water rushing through the pipe, then obviously it had been shut off and now the valve is open again.
"It was ""Made in China"". I am an Electrical Engineer and I have other Extech instruments. They are excellent."
I ordered one of these and was concerned that it was not reading accurately, and the company replaced it. Neither device came with a calibration certificate.
18 inches
I think it is just humidity but I will try and check that on the unit tomorrow and let you know.
No jack for external power. The batteries last for at least 6 months. I recommend using rechargeable batteries.
That is what I purchased mine for. I drilled a small hole in the floor of one if my closets to drop the probe thru and placed it where its easy to open the door and get a reading. Works great.
Yes, temperature, humidity and dew point are displayed. I really like it.
Not with this device
I would think that depends on the moisture level (humidity). It would certainly work but if the gauge itself is in the same high humidity environment as the probe, it might not have as long a life. I use mine at ambient room conditions with the probe in a lab oven at 113F and 70% humidity. Works great but my gauge display is always cool and dry.
Everything was there except the power cord, which we salvaged from the old unit.
yes, plumbers putty is applied to sink flange between the sink and the flange.
As far as I can tell, the differences are: The color of the housing, the packaging and the stopper (the pro has a chrome stopper)
Not sure what model we replaced, but can tell you that my wife loves this unit. Esp. when her friends remark that it isn't working, and she turns the TV or CD off so they can hear the quit purr.
Yes you do. Great stuff. Quietest disposer I've even (not) heard.
I am pretty sure it only works on 110
Haven't got a clue!
You and me both. Stuff like this is annoying.
This piece just sits in the drain. You just give it a little push. Lift it out to clean it.
Approximately 3.5 inches (standard kitchen drain size).
This merely sits on the drain opening; it has nothing to do with the inside. It's merely a flap to collect debris and prevent it from going into the InSinkErator. You can push anything through it, but it stops spoons, etc. from falling into the InSinErator.
No difference. This item does both. Very happy with item.
Yes, just put it on the top rack.
I don't know about your particular disposal, but I have an evolution septic assist disposal that I'm using this baffle with. Maybe you can cross reference the two but I thought all the insinkerator disposals used the same sink collars, so you should be fine.
"My InSinkErator opening is 3 1/2"" and this fit it perfectly when inserted from the top."
If I understand your question correctly, the built-in guard is part of the gasket between the sink collar and the disposal and must be used. If you do not install it you will have a leak. So both shields are used in conjunction with each other.
I'd say yes. Mine was at least that old and no problem. It actually seated better than the one that came with the disposal. They seem to be pretty standard.
I don't know. All it said is that it was for insinkerator.
Milwaukee Makes a Chuck & key with a 1/4 in Hex shank for their 6546 drill should be able to pick one up for around $20 Ron
I am having the same issue with buying an electric keyboard for my boyfriend. :( If I figure out how to receive the additional discount, I'll let you know! Good luck!
110-120.
Lithium batteries should not be drained completely. Once done, it can't recover its capacity.
New Waste King Disposals already come with the sink stopper and splash guard. So if you are buying a new Waste King, then you don't need anything else as far as I know. I bought this product as a replacement for my original splash guard which had worn out over the years. My Waste King unit is still going strong, it was only the splash guard that needed replacement. Hope this helps.
"Not familiar with your model. The diameter on this splash guard is 3.1 inches and slides down the drain opening in the sink. No need to detach disposer. My suggestion will be to take out your old one and measure, if it is 3.1"" then theoretically this one should fit."
I measured the diameter and rim thickness of the Wast King 1025 Splash guard with a dial caliper and it has a diameter of 3.15 inches and a rim thickness of 0.52 inches.
No, this item consists of a splash guard, which is left in place to reduce splashing when using your disposal, and a drain stopper for preventing water from draining from your sink. The item you need is this: Danco 9D00010051 Universal Disposal Genie Amazon carries this now (when I bought mine, they didn't). If I'd bought this sooner, I'd have 8 salad forks instead of seven. You can use the disposal genie with or without the splash guard, I use it with it because the disposal is quieter with it in place. Read the reviews on the Disposal Genie and see if would work for you. I'm very happy with it. Hope this helps you.
I think so but am not sure.
This should fit. The best I can tell it sit on top and you don't need to take the disposal out
"Yes it is 3"" in outside diameter. It works great."
I am happy with it on a waste king -- you might get the measurements from both -- they are probably very close.
Sorry, can't help you. But if it shows it will work for that then I would think you'd be safe.
Yes. To be sure, the diameter of the top of the drain should be 3.1 inches.
the 24 stands for 24 inches
"This hose is a true 3/4"" ID hose."
Cannot answer the BTU maximum, but have been using for one year with a 440,000 BTU natural gas pool heater with no problems.
Yes they most definitely will. One thing to be careful of is when tightening, keep an eye on the yellow hose to be sure it doesn't start twisting if you begin to tighten too much. Try not to allow this twist. Good luck with our project.
The unit comes with a 2.5lb tank. I bought a 20lb tank and got lucky when I drilled through the shell the first time. I drilled another hole for another add on and punctured the refrigerant lines. What did I learn from that? From the inside of the refrigerator cut the plastic shell with a box cutter. Use one where you can adjust the depth and only expose enough of the blade to cut the plastic. cut the hold large enough to expose the foam. Using a plastic spoon, stick, your fingers, just nothing sharp, scrape away the foam until you get to the metal outer shell. You may or many not run into cooling lines but if you do, you now have them exposed and you can drill from the INSIDE to run your CO2 lines. Learn from me and don't blindly start drilling away. -edited for spelling.
No. You will have to pay a deposit on a keg when you get it.
Yes but you would need lomger tubing and a way to close the seal on top of the kegorator to hold in the coolant (like a diaphram). If you wanted to keep the tap tower attached to the kegorator to avoid this, then you would need a taller tap tower as you would lose height running it through a counter top (iow, you wouldn't have enough room below the tap tower to dispense a beer).
"I easily just converted mine to a dual tap this weekend, and it was pretty easy. The tower I used was the ""Double Tap Draft Beer Tower- Stainless Steel- 3"" Diameter with Perlick Perl 525PC Faucets"" (you can copy/paste from within the quotes to find here on amazon). I Drilled through the top, and ran the hosing down through the original hole. As this is a plate chiller fridge, there ""shouldn't"" be any refrigerant lines running through the rest of the fridge. Just be VERY VERY careful when drilling to not hit the plate inside the fridge (I nearly had a disaster with mine). Since the adding the new tower, I haven't noticed any issues or changes with the machine. It still runs as often (and loudly) as it did before. PLEASE NOTE: Drill with caution if you pursue this route. I am not a professional, I just made educated guesses when setting this up, so proceed at your own risk."
I put pipe insulation around the tubing all the way up to the bar and turned the co2 down to 6 helped out on the foam a bunch
Handles a full size keg without any room leftover. It has a shelf behind the keg for the Co2 tank.
Yes. It comes with everything you need to get started but I did end up buying a different regulator and larger CO2 canister. I couldn't seem to get the pressure right until I did that.
Coors Kegs are a bit funky shaped but I have two Dogfish 60 min IPA's in mine right now no problem
Close the tank valve off, pull the relief vent to relieve the pressure, open the valve on the tank back up about a 3/4 turn. The tank valve does not have to be wide open. Turn the pressure regulator valve counter clock wise to reduce the pressure to the tank. If need be, pull the relief valve and then slowly turn the pressure vale clockwise to increase the pressure to the tank. It may take a couple tries to get it dialed in.
Hello Danielle, 3-5 Psi is the correct answer. I am on my 8th barrel and this kegerator keeps working flawlessly.If you run it at 10-12 Psi as recommended it will be mostly foam for your first couple beers. 3-5 will be a slower but smoother pour. Enjoy! Remember you can always pull the ring on the coupler to lower the pressure instantly.
The charcoal filter is separate from the mesh filter. However, the charcoal filter is designed to (and does) fit very nicely within an indentation engineered into the back of the mesh filter frame and is attached with 2 push on metal clips. No tools necessary. Very simple.
The filters I had lasted three years. I had plastic melt on my stove and I used the fan to get rid of the smell. I'm sure that shortened the life of the filter. I had only used the fan less than once a week.
Yes they have the indicator strip and I'm pretty sure they are made by Broan.
With my model of vent, the vent pulls from the center. As a result, the indicator strips typically change color from the center out (e.g. where the grease, etc. is being pulled up through it). I often rotate the filters halfway through use, and then replace accordingly.
I replaced the crappy filters that came with the unit (helped along by the USPS bending the damn things cracking the aluminum frame by cramming them in the mail box) with these guys. I don't fry anything on the stove top so they haven't seen combat, but still, they look brand new after a couple years use.
It just depends on how often you use fan, I have been using mine since last October and they aren't dirty yet. love it
Yes, the clips are included.
If the air is coming from the hood, then you know it's NOT ducted. Ducted means the air is pushed through a duct to the outside.
Non ducted means the air is not vented outside. It is circulated through these coal filter and put back in the room! So if your stove vent is vented to the outside you would not use these.
"I purchased these for a Sears Galaxy stove. These drip pans are a universal fit and as long as they fit under the grates you will be OK. The pans measure 6 3/4"" square with a 4 1/4"" center cut hole. The pans are basically flat on the bottom and could move slightly under the grates. So I really don't think a model number means much as long as the grates are larger than the pans are square. Hope this helps you out. Also I still have the same drip pans on my stove I purchased maybe 3 years ago. The black coating is still intact."
yes, it should fit both. My stove has both as well, and they fit both sizes
They are not sold in packs of 4. There is only 1. Also make sure you measure your burner area because these are just a bit too small for my stove. The piece that goes around the burner actually sat on top of this drip pan and they slide a bit
Unless its a quite large stove it wont fit. It was to big for mine and its a large gas range
A replacement
No. It was only 2 to a pack. I purchased 2 packs.
"Vertical. 7"" round pipe on top."
The Broan hoods are sturdy, well-made, and quite inexpensive. I have two. Check the dimensions to see if a Broan hood will fit your space.
42 inches
It is 42 inches wide, 6 inches tall, and about 17 3/4 inches from front to back.
No
Those measurements are pretty close
It really needs to be ducted. That is the purpose of the fan... to draw smoke and odors out of the kitchen. It doesn't have to be an outside duct if you have an attic area.
"Someone else asked me about this. It must be a misprint. My hood is 42"" wide, exactly, and has functioned perfectly."
I believe so....they're a pretty standard size.
Yes. The pans will fit, but the electric calrod elements might not sit in the alignment hole perfectly.
The pans are fairly sturdy, but certainly not the heavy duty chrome I remember from decades ago. They do fit flawlessly, but the main shortcoming is that the finish gets discolored if you heat the coil on the highest setting. For the price, I think they are a good deal. And I have a back-up set to put in place if I want to impress relatives and friends with a pristine range top.
It has 2 large and 2 small, it is like it's pictured
Yes
I'm not certain that these will fit your Tappan range however after I did a search the Range Kleen 10124XZ drip pans more than likely will. Follow the link below or copy and paste it into your browser and read under product description. There it says they fit the Tappan ranges. Or you can simply search for the product via Amazon. Hope this helps. http://www.amazon.com/Range-Kleen-10124XZ-Containing-electric/dp/B000FNR6X6
No Different;s at all
they are standard size and should fit all models.... i was worried about it also
the sizes all all pretty much standard
If it has the standard size pans then yes
YES. These drip pans fit all standard GE electric ranges. This part hasn't changed in 50 years.
"Jerry, we ordered the 6"" and 8"" pans. They actually measure 6-3/8"" and 8-1/2"" inside of lip to inside of lip. Those happen to be the same dimensions as the openings on the range top. Outside lip to outside lip of the pans measures 7-1/2"" and 9-3/4"" respectively. Hope this helps. R."
"I don't know if they will fit your particular model, but they fit my older model (20+ years old GE). Measure the drip pans -- the larger ones should be 8-1/2"" across on the inside, 9-3/4"" on the outside; the smaller ones should be 6-5/8"" to 6-3/4"" on the inside, 7-5/8"" on the outside. If those measurements work for you, they'll fit."
Do Not Know
No
I think they will..you can measure them to make sure.
Yes they fit perfectly.
I bought them on Amazon probably from the link you asked the question otherwise I don't think amazon would have sent me the question. They fit perfect and were just what I needed because mine were so old and dingy. If you can't find they on Amazon I know hardware stores sell them and places like Walmart. Hope that helps.
I' m sorry I don't know as I have GE. But the measurement on other comments are very accurate .
4 (2 of each size). I have no idea why they say 1 piece.
its 27 counting the panel. the oven is on the small size. if cooking for family or daily I'd get a different model. I'm cooking for 1 or 2 99% of the time
It did not come with mine.
No
The door is dark but I just press the lightbulb symbol on top to see in without opening the door
I am not sure about that. You would have to ask a plumber. You have to have a licensed plumber to hook it up bc it is gas. At least that is the rule in this state.
I want to know if this is a self cleaning oven.
no..still need a hood vent
Yes, that's how I used them. The water cutoff from the wall is a tee, so one side of the arrester connects to the top of the tee, and the other side of the arrester connects to a flexible hose, which in turn, connects to the bottom of the toilet tank. If you currently have solid copper tubing between the cutoff and the toilet, I would replace it with a reinforced flexible hose. I believe the flexible hose is 3/8 female on one side and 7/8 female on the other.
I used a Mini-rester to correct a water hammer caused by one of my toilets. I have a Tee water valve coming out of the wall. I turned off the water and removed the copper tube connecting the water valve to the toilet. I used the silver side of the Mini-rester to connect to the water valve. I threw away the copper tube and replaced it with a re-inforced flexible hose to connect from the brass side of the Mini-rester to the toilet. I did not use a compression fitting.
Yes, that is exactly what the mini rester is designed for. It is how I it installed. I unscrewed the tank line at the wall valve and screwed the mini rester onto the value output and then the line attached to the mini rester. The copper portion of the mini rester can be oriented vertically or horizontally (mine is horizontal)
I believe I used the TC1 and installed it under the kitchen sink hooked to my LG dishwasher water line. The dishwasher would cause a water hammer when it cycled. That fixed my problem. Good Luck!
It will work out of the Box for the Kenmore refrigerator that uses the #9915 filter.
When you google this filter number you will find this cap to be part number 2186494W which you can search for and order here on amazon.com for about $15
I cannot find any markings that would indicate it was manufactured by Pur. I was unable to match the size with local retailers who carry the Pur line of filters. Since it is common practice for companies to have their name brand manufactured by someone else, I was unable to make positive match to anything with the Pur name one it.
That's what I thought originally....however, the product number was exactly the same as our old filters...we ordered them & it was a sure fit & they function perfectly
nstructions 1. Twist the old filter a quarter-turn counterclockwise 2. Pull the filter straight out (don't worry, the water will shut off automatically) 3. Remove the reusable color-keyed knob from the end 4. Discard the old filter 5. Slide the knob onto the end of the new filter 6. Push the new filter into the fridge until it stops 7. Twist the filter a quarter-turn clockwise 8. Reset your 'change filter' light (if your fridge has one)
Yes, it is the same filter. I just checked the box for you.
I'm not sure....it fit my Kenmore model# 106.74259 perfectly.
Hello, Yes, those filters are brand new and still in their retail packaging. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks, Buy It Now Store on Amazon
yes. i'm using it.
Hello Raheel, I really don't know what other Refrigerator it would fit. There are so many different sizes and styles out there to pick from. Your best bet would be to either consult the Manual or match it up with the one that's currently installed in your appliance.
They are the same thing! We crossed match numbers and found it to be a lot cheaper then the Kenmore or going to Sears to get the filter. they work just like the kenmore because they are the same filter and work in the same way. Fit well and good performance, you will enjoy the savings.
Yes, they are the same filters. The individual filters do not have a letter at the end. The ones that have a P at the end come in sets of two and the ones with a T come in a set of three. I hope this helps.
Yes you can use this filter, they Just happen to be on sale at the time, + free shipping, they are interchangeable.
Yes, they're interchangeable.
I am not totally sure, and I did not make the claim, but I believe that cysts are relatively large and would be caught in the filter.
"The ""P"" stands for ""pair""."
"I use this filter in my Kenmore refrigerator - model 106.55532400, type 255SA. The difference between the Sears 9020 and these filters is that the Sears p/n 9020 is rated at 100 gallons and the 4396710 is rated at 200 gal. The built-in light is programmed for 100 gallons to match, so when the replace light comes on , I reset once and let it go to get my money's worth from the PUR filter. Water begins to taste like filter needs replacing right around the second time the ""order new filter"" light comes on."
Yes it can.....My Sears Kenmore uses filter part 9030 also.
I am not sure, but I think they are not the same. Try Repair Clinic.com. If you call them I am sure they can answer that.
It looks like it might
The vent can be on the top or in the back, you just knock out whichever cover you want to use, but it only comes with a rectangular damper. See this link http://www.repairclinic.com/Shop-For-Parts/a7b174d500303/Model-403001-Broan-Range-Vent-Hood-Parts with parts and scroll down to see the damper. Good luck.
"It is hard wired in. You need to run Romex out through a hole in your drywall 3/4"" to the right of the ducting. It's explained in detail in the installation instruction."
It's not bad at the low fan setting. Very noisy at high level though and if you forget to turn it off and sit down to eat with it on you will quickly get up and turn it off.
Mine is 29 15/16 in width.
A ducted vent is one that has a duct to the outside - usually a vent or flue behind where the fan goes. A non-ducted fan will pull the air from the stove - through the filters - and blow it back into the room.
You can install it with the exhaust vent on the top. It is electric, but it is hard-wired, so no plug. We hired an electrician to install it.
If I recall correctly, you shouldn't need anything else -- maybe some electrical tape to hook it up to the existing wires.
I don't remember the dimensions, but we went to company's web site to get them. It was rectangle in shape and fit great.
Removeable washable filter - and the man who installed ours did not need to buy anything extra , so the connector must have been included. It is a nice generic range hood...no frills but functions well. Check the switches. One of ours was loose in the package and we had to tighten it a bit. But safe and fine and no problems.
We estimated higher on our ad.
As to the concrete and the weight of the vehicle, you will need to use a concrete thats rated to meet that requirement. You would also need to poor it deep enough that it wont chip off or crack. The design would be the easy part of it all and after just completing my project and where you are wanting to do this I would suggest turning this and using it as more of a stamp and not a deep cut. So by turning the mold on its top and using it as a stamp without a real deep cut like a path walkway you get the look of the stone and it looks great. You can really get a professional look without anywhere near the cost. I don't know how to post pictures on here or I would. I poored a large area and worked the concrete just as you would for a smooth surface then went back and stamped the area. I am staining the concrete this weekend. I hope this helps
You know- cost wise- you are better off making a regular plate and shoring it up with dirt or rocks. BTW- I collect pretty stones etc and embed them in mine- also have a special one that has the grandkids handprints with ages on it.
I had a similar problem...I made the mold on plastic on a flat surface, my driveway. Then I broke apart the squares into the 8 separate pieces and like a jigsaw puzzle arranged them till I finally got them to fir
The outside frame is about 2 inches high and 3/8 to 1/2 inch wide. It's quite sturdy as you have to compact the cement into the form and it appears strong enough to reuse for mulitple projects.
though coloring the concrete might seem an easy task, getting a consistent color is not. Personally, I set with uncolored concrete, and after it has cured I use concrete stain....turns out great, and gives you more control over color, and patterns
I don't think it's a good idea. hard to make it level for such a big surface. the point to use this is you don't need sand level, so save you work and money.
It's 2' x 2'
No, the stones would shift under the weight.
In my opinion, that would be best. However, as long as the ground is level and compacted it will be fine. I didn't use gravel because that would have required more digging.
We waited for for about 10 minutes. We wanted it to be a little more solid before lifting it. Our patio turned out great!
"It's 6"" inside."
"these are 7 3/4"""
I do not believe this item can be used near direct heat.
No, this cannot be installed over the old one.
"The outside dimensions I measure are 8 3/4"" by 8 3/4"" ,Hope this help You"
You would have to use a paint product made specifically for plastic. Other types of paint would easily peel off.
"Frame, edge to edge, 6""x6"". The part slips/fits inside a four inch vent pipe."
Its a straight forward trim kit... if the appliances are the same sizes, you should be in good shape. Designed for Frigidaire.
I measured 74 inches
No. Leveling is through the factory front wheels of the refrigerator only. The single kit does come with that.
Its for both which units do u have
Yep. Also the full line is just rubber hose. Think of it as just a tub lol with its own drain pump and Way of adj.
As far as I know the only place is the company (danby.com or whatever their website is). The local dealer ordered the machine from the company for me, and they did not stock any parts.
If you own the twin tub or are considering it you need to understand that it is NOT an automatic washing machine. Your typical automatic will fill, wash, drain, spin, rinse, drain, spin, an then repeat the rinse cycle without any intervention from you. This machine is different. You control the filling of the machine with the faucet, you control the length of agitation while washing the clothes, you move the clothes to the spinner, you drain the wash tub, and refill it for the rinse cycle. The machine doesn't have cycles of the sort that you are used to. Your actions determine the cycle. This is the good and bad of this sort of machine. While extremely customizable, it is also more work for the user as you can't just set it and walk away
they're pretty small. I was radically disappointed. I expected an ice cube replacement. they're maybe a quarter the size of a normal ice cube. will they work in a pinch? yes. In a cooler climate? yes. On a hot summer day on your boat? hell no. mine sits on a shelf, used it once to see if it worked - haven't used it since- probably never will. complete waste of money. if shipping hadn't been 40 bucks, I would've returned it. oh, and to top it all off - it makes like 12 cubes at a time so if you aren't making ice ahead of time and putting it in a freezer there's no way it will keep up with even four people drinking any cooling required drinks - on the fly, that is.
The only place you do not have access to is the water tube that moves the water from the storage tank to the ice maker itself. Everything else you can easily clean. When not using it, I recommend drainin the water and leave the lid open for a couple days to dry it all out.
I have only used the medium and I think the small would be the same shape of cube probably but just smaller. I can tell you this though...usually how this thing works is that it makes the ice and when the cubes are first made they are kinda hard but by the time that the bin is more full...when you take out the cubes they are nice and soft and perfect for people like me who like to eat ice without killing their teeth. The shape of the cube is like a bullet with a hollowed out center so they are easy to chomp on if that's what you like but not too soft so that they melt right away. I let mine run all the time and it makes ice till it runs out of water and it has been working great.
Yes, a little bit but they are quite easy to break apart because the cubes are slowly melting. It's not that bad really. It's not like a frozen bunch of ice that you have to break apart on the cement. Its no big deal really.
Size not the problem doesn't make very much ice. It's good for maybe 2 3 people and doesn't keep up if you want to use for long period of time.
No only because I never leave small appliances pluged in and on not even the coffee pot
No
We haven't had to fix it so not sure but would check the manufacture's website. http://www.edgestar.com/
A basket not very big and does not make ice very fast. Good for maybe 6 glasses
"OK we drink a lot, Vodka on the rocks works fine for me. I would not consider it as ""hard clear ice"" but because of it's cupped shape it produces ice very quickly, if you use the small setting you get dense ice. Cheers"
Yes, the cubes form around the metal nubs (do not touch the metal nubs, will cause severe burns), therefore they have to be hollow in the middle. Any other questions, please feel free to ask.
It's not chewable, however; not as solid as if from a freezer.
I'm guessing- 3-4lbs we love ours. Well worth the money. It's fast. Much faster then the refrigerator. Ice machine.
I leave ice in it for a couple hours...but it isn't very frozen when I dump it into my freezer. It often clumps together Once dumped in my freezer due to it having started melting. Also if I use the ice straight out of the bucket it melts fairly quickly if its been in the bucket for a couple hours. If you dump it quickly the ice is fine. I don't think you could leave the ice all day and expect it to still be chilled. A few hours at max.
You have to either fill it up, but I think it also has a connection like that of an ice maker for a fridge. We've had problems with the fridge automatic ice maker line always leaking, that is why we bought this and we fill it by hand. Several things to note, if you don't know them already; it does not keep the ice frozen after making it, you have to empty the bin when it is full. It takes awhile to start making the ice, but once it gets going it really puts out. We've had ours about 3 1/2 years and the automatic shutoff for when the water is empty and the ice bin is full has stopped working, but that hasn't been much of a problem, we just keep an eye on it, make a bunch of ice and put it in a large ice bin in our freezer. Hope this has helped. P.S. - When and if our's breaks, we will be buying a new one, it has definitely been worth it.
Drops a tray about every 10 min. Great for the money and doesn't take much room. We love ours.
I don't know about replacement parts, I purchased mine from NewAir and had a problem after just a few days. They immediately shipped me a new machine and I put the first machine in the box I got the second machine in and sent it back. They paid shipping both ways so there was no charge to me. I would call them, they are wonderful people and took care of my problem immediately. Also I didn't have my receipt from when I purchased it, all I had to do was go to their website and download a copy. Like I said they are wonderful and sent me a new machine it arrived in 4 days and cost me nothing
ROUGHLY 1/2 GALLON, SEVERAL CYCLES WORTH.
its starts melting at first, and then the whole unit cools down, any ice that melts goes back into the pool of water used to make the ice. After the unit gets going, the ice melts very slowly, you won't be disappointed. If any ice melts, the unit just keeps on making ice so there is always fresh ice in the unit for when you want it.
Yes, the ice is clear unless you have a lot of air in your tap. Then it will freeze whiter with the bubbles.
It's also called a thermal fuse and is located in the back of the dryer on the blower house. When the dryer overheats the thermal fuse cuts off the electricity to the heat source and the dryer. The thermal fuse can't.be reset and must be replaced. Clogged vent tubes full of lint and or debris are usually the causes.
It should since it matches the part number here (I searched your model#): http://www.repairclinic.com/Kenmore-Dryer-Model-11082822102-ID-596836-Parts Good luck!
I really don't know. I found all info on troubleshooting on YouTube. All info on compatible parts were google searches. The part is cheap can't hurt to try good luck.
NO. It is just a fuse with no polarity.
Its all about the part # that is on the thermocouple if its a match then yes cause Kenmore and whirlpool are made at same place just different name
No
Not sure I have a whirlpool
More than likely
Yes it work for myself it should work for u as well
I'm not sure. All I know is the dryer works and I saved over $100. I bought three of them, although of the dryer goes out again, I will probably replace it since there must be something causing it to over heat. I'm hoping that cleaning the air duct tube fixed that.
It fit my Tappan stove.
The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
They did not work on my stove,
I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
It fit my Tappan stove.
The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
They did not work on my stove,
I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
Yes
"Yes - if you have hard water. White dust will come from any ultrasonic humidifier that is used with mineral-laden (""hard"") water. The dust is actually the mineral residue from the water, just like the salty coating you would see in the pan if you boiled salt water until it was dry. I have soft water and do not have a problem with white dust. The key issue with white dust is the water, not the humidifier."
This is the third winter I have used this humidifier. It has not gotten the top of my dresser wet, not once. This is the first humidifier I have used that did not make the surface wet. Be careful when taking the tank off the base and putting the tank back on the base. I find it easy to do. One hint--make sure the gasket is flat before screwing the lid back on. Then don't tighten it too tight.
Once a year
I completely disagree with Eugene. Product is well made, quite, easy to clean and fill with water. Very little to none on the white residue. I do recommend this unit.
Yes, it requires filters. One comes with the humidifier and the first one lasted about 6 months for me.
The indicator lights are very bright and if you're sensitive to that try applying a piece of black electrical tape over the light. I have the same problem with a B&D hand vac.
Very easy. The unit comes with a small brush tucked inside the water holding tank. I also use a wet paper towel on o get mildew out of corners
I only use distilled water and like you I was running to the store. I bought a used Water Distiller, Countertop, White Enamel, Glass Collection on Craigslist for $50, the new one runs over $175. It took me a few months looking to find it. My suggestion is to check Craigslist or ebay once a week if you don't want to spend the money for a new one.
I just use vinegar, to loosen the deposits, and a brush (they supply a nice little brush) on the base. You can, however, purchase special cleaning fluids for humidifiers if you prefer. For the tank, I use a dilute hydrogen peroxide solution just once a year, usually at the beginning of the season.
My LG is the sorriest piece of equipment I've ever owned. I only need the slightest excuse, (the electronic panel going out,) to replace it...and I' won't replace it with an LG
Could be the large gasket or roller inside. The gasket is awful to replace.
thanks for posting this and following up on it. i'll add this to the monthly to-do list.
I stacked my LG washer and dryer so I could fit them in a closet, but I don't recall which models they are. You do need a stacking kit. I'd also recommend a drain pan under the washer.
Yes, it is as long as you use a detergent that is made for high performance washers. It's quite amazing how these new washers get your clothes clean. Whites seem to be the only issue. They get clean, but they loose their brightness over time. You can check the performance of the washer by soiling a hand towel with various stains and letting it dry for a day or two before you wash it.
I just purchased and installed the WM2016CW washer. As a complete newb to the front-loader universe, I set out to run the first load of laundry. I was rewarded with water and suds all over the floor. I called customer service in a panic and the rep told me I probably added too much detergent. Fair enough. Crisis averted. She then went on to lecture me that the WM2016CW is not meant to be used with liquid detergent (even if it's HE). She said it should only use powdered detergent. I referred her to the manual and LG's own website which explicitly state that you can use either in the machine. I'm not sure who to believe, but according to at least one LG customer service rep, the detergent of choice should be powdered.
Yes, it will fit. Note - One time I ordered the filter, which appeared as you see it but actually received a round one.
If you're using tap water then know if it's alkaline. The higher the alkalinity, the more often you will need a filter, every 3 to 6 months. If you use filtered or reverse osmosis water, then a filter will last 8-12 months. This also allows the mist to circulate in the air longer. This is what I do and it reduces costs of buying filters.
You can get this directly from the Supentown website: http://www.sunpentown.com/paacforhu.html SU-4010 nozzle, part 20019
I just use tap water. unit water stays very clean with the filter. It says to replace every season so I do. Don't know if it would last longer.
Mine works fine! I probably will buy another one soon. I Think you have to use this filter in order to work properly.
I am guessing not as it only mentions SU-4010 on the box. They mention a 1-800-330-0388 for questions.
I got mine from Sunpentown International and the Model # was F-4010 for my SU-4010 unit.
"Hi! It's sort of large to travel with...its 9""W 6""H and 12""D..and it is NOT light. Do you need such a large converter to travel with?"
I would be hesitant to trust a Kotatsu with a 500W transformer. Anything that is supposed to generate that much heat could easily pull more than 500W. If the Kotatsu is rated for less than 500W and has a max draw of less than 500W, then yes, it could be a transformer issue, but for something like a kotatsu, I would have gone with a larger transformer to be safe.
Should be fine as long as the two devices together do not exceed the wattage of the step-down. It's good to leave head room, so if the two devices together are under 400 watts (4 amps) you should be fine.
I use it as a step down for my stereo amphlier. It was made for the Japanese market. The fuse on the unit you are looking at is 5amp. That is all I'm qualified to say.
Yes, it will work for your cassette tape deck.
Japanese standard is different from US standard and it works with Japanese appliance.
You cannot remove the screw because it is holding the grounding metal strip
There were no written instructions in the box. The incoming voltage switch and the power outlets are clearly marked. You set the incoming voltage switch on the back, 120V for American and 100V for Japanese, then you plug into the corresponding outlet on the front to match the voltage of the device needing power.
5 amp
Absolutely! I use this for my coffeepot @ 500W..
Yes.
I would say The straight part is between 3 to 3 1/2 inches. Then it takes the curve. It take a thick wall to make it work good. I have had good luck, and some not.
No worries, it will fall off of the wall within a few weeks. If not, you can rip it off, along with the paint below it. 0 stars.
Whatever you normally would with whatever type of hanger you would use normally. The hook part is the thing that's out of the wall, so the stuff just plops onto that instead of a nail.
yes if it is new installation
I think only drywall
If you are referring to pocket doors, I don't believe so. The majority of the hook is in the back side of the wall. Most pocket doors fit pretty snuggly, so I don't believe it would work. Sorry.
Definitely NOT NOT NOT. That is for a picture. I usually use something like OOK 50330 Jumbo Swag Hook with Hardware, White or a swivel hook. And try to put it in a beam by screwing it directly in. Easy that way. Just put a tiny dent in the ceiling to get the screw started. and tighten it. When it gets hard to tighten, use a screw driver and lever it in between the screw and turn it around and around until it is all the way in. Got to be a beam or piece of wood in your ceiling. Find one with a string and a magnet or a stud finder.
My new Maytag Bravos XL is 27 wide by 27.5 deep and it fits nicely with extra room. The sides do slope so the overall dimensions are not really giving you the exact space available for your machine. I just measured which is a bit difficult with the machine in place. The inside dimensions appear to be around 30.5 x 28.5. We placed the washer with a couple of inches to spare in the back. You don't want to have extra in the front or you will be likely to step on it which over time might crack the plastic. I was very happy with the quality of the pan.
The entire washing machine will need to be lifted up first on one end and then the other. Not to difficult. I lifted up the front end first. Then, slid the tray underneath the washer as far as I could. From that point, I slowly adjusted it into the pan. Then, lifted up the back end with no problem to the side wall of the pan to slide/moved slightly side to side onto the pan.
this would be perfect for you. It has a cutout on the bottom, and on the side so you can pick either. I used the side for my house setup
fits my front loader good
"I assume you want the answer to be ""NO!"" :) It's hard to be certain without trying but my *guess* is, no, it won't move around. The washer is heavy and this isn't a slick, easy glide bottom. If you also add a vibration dampening mat under the tray then you may get still better ""adhesion"". Good luck!"
"The inside dimensions are 27"" x 30"" x 2-1/8"". The outside dimensions are 30"" x 32"" x 2-1/8""."
Hi dcehistory, Yes, this has a side drain. 20752, 20756 & 20762 have a side drain. 20786 & 20788 are low profile and do not have a side drain.
We taped some packaging tape to the bottom of ours, and it slides ok on our linoleum floor. It really will depend on how strong and heavy/light you are.
I never used this for my washer but for another purpose. I must say it is VERY thick and durable, and the size is exact as it states. I would say yes it would work within the measurement of 32 X 30.
I just checked it is 2 inches and it is 29x31
It's one per order (4 x 13.99). Hope that helps.
"The diameter is 3.5"""
Yes I have cleaned using dishwasher . I prefer hand cleaning though
i returned this item
It does a great job sucking up the smoke and smells. However, there seems to be some kind of glitch in the electrical system and sometimes the buttons don't work. But when operating correctly-- it does a great job. And it looks beautiful!
I would try resetting the unit by unplugging or turning the circuit breaker for the unit off and then back on.
I don't know because I had it installed by a professional Heating and Air company. I do know that I love it!
"The one I have have is 20"""
We just installed this item over a month ago and happy with the current halogen lights. We just checked the manual and could not find the answer to your question.
Does the display panel work? If nothing is working at all, and you tested the power directly to the range hood, then you may have a burned out circuit or something. Not sure when you bought it or where, but there is a 1 year warranty on all parts, so I would contact the vendor for help. Sincerely, Gary Nealon RTA Cabinet Store www.rtacabinetstore.com
The baffle filters are $35.00. We are getting ready to add them to the site right now.
The stainless steel baffle filters are 35.99 a piece plus shipping The aluminum filters are $25.99 a piece shipping We can order them for you if you want, just contact us. Sincerely, Gary Nealon RTA Cabinet Store www.rtacabinetstore.com
It would be $115 for the hood extension for the island. We don't have them listed, but we can get them added to our store front.
It has lights not sure if its led it works pretty well the buttons in the front are a bit hard to press but not a functional problem
The fan uses 2 filters.
It is a glass. I'm happy with this hood. Good luck.
Nothing else to install this unit. Everything is included for the inside of your home
Not sure I use this on my sink for drinking water and it removes the foul taste in the water soy guess would be it would give you clear ice
It depends on how you are plumbed. If you have a single line which does both, you only need a single filter. If you want to know about volume, the filter is rated for a specific number of gallons. You will have to use your judgement as to how much water per day you are using. Good luck!
Yes you will most likely need some additional fitting however start with the kit and add required fittings Home Depot or Lowes or Menards should have the fittings
Tubing is not provided with filter system. You must purchase your own tubing. Filter head is furnished with tubing quick connect fittings.
Yes, it has the filter and the base mounting hardware. All that is needed is the water line in and a water line out. It is a very good filter. I've been using them for 6 years as an external water filter to my frig. It makes the water taste pure.
Packaging says it is assembled in China. I assume they mean the filter.
120V
No it is AC only, but it only draws 2.7 amps. One of those converters you can run on a 12 volt battery will run it . If you buy one get one that handles at least 5 amps or more. The converter converts 12 volt DC to 110 volts AC. It draws around 1.5 amps while making ice and 2.7 when it goes into the ice dumping process. I love mine. Check out a converter on the net.
Hey Steve,my edgestar is totally vicicious kicking out cubes, shell out the extra nickel, proof is in the pudding, let it set a day level to let the cooling agents settle, 6 month clean behind the fan, ie radiator, mucho ice O , enjoy
They are cute little long round cubes. Mine has 3 sizes. Not a big difference between sizes but you can tell there is a change in the sizes. As far as clear, I don't think they are see-through if that is what you mean. I would have to check them out and get back to you. However, they do look clean. This might very, depending on hard water or not.
about 1/2 gallon when full, takes about 2 hours to get there then it does pretty good. aint fast for sure
"Not sure where it's made, but don't buy it. It's a piece of junk, ours didn't last 6 months. The company rep told me that "" they are a little over a $100.00 just buy another"" well no thank you.. not from them any way..."
EdgeStar has videos on periodical maintenance and other issues. If you still have your operators manual, it should have an address, phone number, web contact point, etc. May l ask what happened to your original basket, or do you have mischevious kids like l had, lol. Another suggestion is shop at your various office, hardware dot depots. Personally l'd dig out the manual and get with EdgeStar for 2 replacement baskets, one for a spare. Good luck, they should be able to fix you up, l've owned my ice maker for 2yrs, Great machine, it's never let me down, minus power failures ......
No.
sorry I don't understand question, We fill with water as directed and turn it on . Makes around 18-20 lbs. daily. Do not know what gredian is?
Are you filling it to the max fill line? It usually takes a couple of minutes for the water signal to reset. Mine did that and I lightly banged the sides and it started working. If that's not the problem then you may have to call Edge Star for help.
Yes it comes with a washable filter.
Installation hardware is NOT included. You just need 4 wood screws and 3 wire nuts.
I have used mine for about four months, lots of greasy smoke, filters still green. Should replace the filters when the light turns red.
Non ducted.
In the back it is 7in and sloops down to 3 1/2 inches in the front
Around the lights is flat. Of course where the filter is, is not a place to wipe clean. The one thing I don't like is most of the smoke gets sucked up around the lights and not up thru the filter. They should have sealed the lights.
yes. it is hard wired.
6 inches
I think it matches well with stainless steal
small appliance bulb available anywhere
I don't believe that it has a thermostat to automatically start it.
My understanding is yes after talking to the company. It is however, more expensive than a brand new unit. They suggested Home Depot or the like may have it cheaper. My blower is gone too after 1 year of use... Would be interesting to know what you find out. Thanks
It can only be vented from the top. Although, charcoal filters can be used to recirculate. If it's recirculating, the vent from the top needs to be vented to the kitchen space and not through the attic.
Based on Broan's website, it's rated at 2.9 amps.
The simplest solution is to use the liner. Just make sure the controls are to front. The 390 is really quiet and the lighting is very good. Bob
"Yes, I believe so provided the dimensions fit. Although it does not require outside ductwork, it does need to be vented into attic or have a return air vent. It's worked extremely well for our needs. I had read that if you do heavy stovetop cooking, such as wok-type, a different system would be better. The only other thing I can think of is that your soffit might be too high for effectiveness. Ours is 32"" above stovetop. They had a model set-up at Lowes that might help you decide."
It's designed for a vent. It has an 8 inch outlet with a flapper valve to prevent downflow when the unit is off. You may be able to get a recirculation kit, but I vented mine, so I don't know for sure.
yes, fully functional and running as we speak
No, it does not require a power cord. You have to wire it in to the existing connections.
Yes,it can be vented horizontal or vertical,with the included hardware. Very good unit for those of us on a budget. Arrived well packed and undamaged!
Yes. There is a small package with everything in it. My husband missed it. They are on the side in the cardboard. A woman can find it. :)
Bulbs are not included. You'll need to buy them separately. On Amazon I bouught (2)-Sylvania #14700 50-watt PAR20 wide flood halogen bulb. They light very well on low setting, and extremely bright on high setting.
About the same...nice sleek look
The unit does not come with bulbs. The fan is quiet. I am pleased with this purchase bought in November, 2013.
It is so easy to turn off or on, I do it with my eyes closed.
"More like 7""--I measured it"
It is 100% stainless steel.
This model was meant to be fixed from the top. You could probably drill your own holes for a side installation and in the back for more support. It could be done but would be a pain.
It does come with the reusable filters if you are going to vent it, but not with the charcoal filters if used not vented
Unless there was an abnormal voltage surge, it would have been the light bulb that was bad. Halogen bulbs get very hot and if the seal for the bulb is weak. the expansion and contraction from the heat would cause a leak, leading to a failure.
You can use A15 40W bulbs if you don't want to use Halogens. Halogens are too hot for me. I started out with the incandescent A15 and saw some LED bulbs at Lowes or Home Depot (Utilitech - Pro , model LR140M/LED). They are 4.5W, 300 lumens and made for use in a damp environment. They are not cheap but the lighting is very clean.
You can wire the fan either way. It just depends on what you have for the electrical connection now. The connecting wire is not included with the fan. I used the one that was already installed with my old fan. It has a normal 3 prong plug. Since the plug and wire don't move once the fan is installed, the old wire was like new.
The QS23OSS comes with a single, stainless steel mesh grease filter-- easily removed, cleaned and replaced-- but no air filter per se. We have had very good use of the unit for nearly two years, with one caveat: for several months, both lights came on, but then one would go out. After awhile, it seemed to correct itself, and that problem has not recurred. Advise against using halogen bulbs, as they take a lot of wattage and get very hot.
Call the person who installed it and have them fix it. They most likely did not remove the blocking panel that opens the hood to the outside vent. The instructions are pretty clear that you need to do this or else it will simply blow air back in your face. The clicking is probably a similar issue - that your installer didn't open it up and put the right panels in place and remove the securing packing tape.
It can be vented out the back or thru the front.
The fan comes with a 7 inch duct plate for you to attach the duct to the fan. There was no damper included.
Accompanying literature indicates a one-year warranty period. Many credit card companies extend warranty periods on items purchased with their cards; I would suggest investigation.
We have been using this hood since 5-13. No problems. I don't think it is electrical but turn off the breaker & see if it stops. Remove the filters & look in the exhaust. Use a flash light. Start & stop the fan. Unfortunately I have no further ideas. Hope you find it. Let us know.
i bought th white and it fits perfectly.
No, you have an option to use it ventless or vented. Very pleased with the product.
"Buyer beware as there are a TWO different filters being sold under the SAME basic HC-504 nomenclature. The original/good version is 1.25"" thick, whereas many of the more recent offerings are only 0.75"" thick, therefore with MUCH less moisture-delivering efficiency/life, yet at the same price. Worse yet, often the images shown in Amazon are dimensionally proportional to the original/good ones but what they really ship is the inferior version - I know because I just returned six filters to Amazon but got stuck with shipping charges and wasted time. Someone else suggested another source (filters-now dot com) and I'm sending them an inquiry based on the above. (PS- some of the filter offerings tout a blue ""dust catching"" wrap that IMHO is pure marketing hype.)"
Twice/year. More often if I used humidifier in summer months.
This filter will work. I have the same humidifier.
Yes, Honeywell Inc. is a US based company. Honeywell Home Environment products (such as fans, heaters, portable air purifiers & humidifiers) that you see at retail are manufactured by a company called Kaz, Inc. (Southborough, MA) and have been for the last 9 years or so. Great company with Great products.
Yes it does. I'm using this filter in our Vicks Starry Night humidifier. I like these filters more than the Vicks replacement and the Protec ones are junk, even though they appear to be made by the same company.
according to the box, yes this filter will work with the HCM-710 series
"according to honeywell, homedepot ""Fits Honeywell models HCM-1000, HCM-2000 and HCM-300, 500 and 600 series"""
The HAC-504AW fits.
I am not sure. I looked up the your Honeywell model 6011i and it specifies it uses a HC-14 replacement filters. So in my opinion I would say no, it is not the correct filter. Your humidifier looks taller, and this particular filter is shorter, so I would look for the correct replacement filter on Amazon which should be an HC-14. Hope this helps!
There are 2 filters that I know of: Honeywell HC-888N and HC-888-TGT. The second one is the better, more expensive, filter; but either will work in the HCM-890 Humidifier.
"33.5hx19Wx19.5"""
This small refrigerator really needs to be raised up by means of some kind of base, otherwise you're on your knees looking into it. I happened to find a suitable nicely made wooden crate at an estate sale, which I cleaned up and painted and which serves perfectly. Brings it up about 12 inches, so I can access it more easily and comfortably. This fridge has never leaked except when I defrosted it and left the door open--that was completely my fault. I think you could just put it on a slab of plywood cut to size, if you wanted to use it in a carpeted area--though even this may not be necessary. Hope this helps. It's an excellent little refrigerator. I've had mine nearly two years and I love it.
This is a very nice fridge/freezer. At start up it ran at 4.6 amp. Once it reaches temp, it runs at less than 1 amp. You will be very happy with this appliance. With the seperate compartment, you get very little frost, too.
Buy the HD-113F Kenmore from Sears. It's the same refrigerator, (both made by Midea, and branded with their own logos) but Sears provides a MUCH better warranty. They also have layaway and local service to help your daughter in the event she has some repairs or needs to return it.
If I recall correctly the specs said no. I see very little frost but I do not open it all that much and have not had it all that long.
Can't answer that, but I have mine on the patio for 4 months now...working fine
Ohh I see it wow I can't promise I can take a annual kilowatt for rating. I feel I jot sure I don't have experience fridge annual kilowatt. But i did first time fridge 2 year wow I feel good. But I want know how to fridge annual kilowatt rating unit???
As long as you anchored it so that it didn't slide around when travelling I don't see why you couldn't put it in an RV.
No. It doesn't lock. As for one that does lock , if Amazon doesn't have one , maybe try one of the Home improvement stores.
2 years of college use and still like new. Extremely quiet and zero degrees (f) freezer is the top features...just do it!
"8 1/2""x 17 1/2""- Hope that helps"
Yes. I put mine in the dishwasher on the bottom rack and run them through the pots and pans cycle. They come out clean. I do it monthly.
Yes it does fit interchangeably on the left or the right. The only way you will ever be able to tell the difference is if you use one side of your stove more than the other and clean that pan more or less than you should. Funny!
No it does not fit well. It leaves the cooking surface out of level.
5 inches
I have a ge free standing range jgb630defcc and its a perfect fit. I think the ww and cc designate the color but I'm not 100% sure.
I suggest measure the wholes-however, they did not fit my kenmore-I put allum-foil under stove top. If you can go into store near by and see if could work. good luck.
These are metal, and pretty heavy-duty metal at that, so if you were wanting to trim them to fit, I don't think that will work. Mine turned out not to fit due to the area between the two holes not being molded to be high enough, so you may want to get all the measurements before you order.
"I.D. is 3""7/8"
Cheap. ..very thin iron
Heating/AC Technicians carry these in their shirt/jacket pockets. It has a pocket clip. It should work for your needs. The length needs a deep pocket
1 degree, very close rh 20% or more off (low)
The UEi test instrument has its measuring sensor inside the end of the instrument and can only measure the moisture in the air going into the sensor. To measure the moisture in the wood you need a probe that would go into the wood. The feature that makes the UEi instrument so usable is the rapid response of measurement of temperature and humidity.
No ,only dry bulb and % humidity. But it is fast.
I have used these within the range of about 10 - 98% RH. No problem. I don't think it will break and it will definitely measure.
No. The probe is not designed for coming in contact with anything and is enclosed in a plastic cage.
As long as there is a measurable variation at each of the points , yes it's dynamic and changes the instant a variation occurs.
Yes. The button below the On/Off button toggles the display between Fahrenheit/Celsius. It also has Hold, Min/Max, and Reset buttons.
No information on accuracy, but the initial reading starts out higher than it ends up if you wait a few minutes. These device was suggested to me from one who is in the mold assessment business
It does
no.
American plug. I bought 2. One for my house and one for my office. I love . It is great
Yes
I use a 5 gallon jug
You should be able to fit a Mr Coffee 10/12 cup type decanter under the spigot. The tray also comes out to give you additional room.
Contact the company and see what they will offer to correct the problem. Make sure you hare the date of purchase, model number and any other information on the unit and it's purchase.
If the switch is on I don't know what else it could be.
"!3"" deep, 12' wide and 16"" high"
Not very cold at all. I would say its not much colder than the tap.
My husband suggested to use ear plugs when eating in the kitchen. I am soooo disappointing with this product for this very reason. It is basically unbearable, too loud. I read one review from a costumer who return it because it was too loud, I though maybe she was oversensitive but now I realized she was so right. Most of the reviews I read come from people who has the fridge in rentals so they are not expose to the noise. I can't return it so I am afraid we will suffer until we can afford a replacement.
"Don't know how much cubic feet for the freezer. But it has three sections. Top section is shelf style with flip down front plastic cover. There is a ice making tray in the section. Size is 21""W x 13""D x 7""H. Middle and bottom sections are drawer. Middle drawer is larger than the bottom one. Size is 20.5""W x 12.5""D x 7""H. Bottom drawer size is 20.5""W x 7""D x 7""H. Hope this information will help."
I know what you mean. A major design flaw in an otherwise great fridge. Do not know of a fix to the problem.
My model is 78 1/2, but it is about 12 years old! I suggest you look up the specification for the model you're considering--use other websites if that info is not included in the specs on the eBay listing.
No. It's exactly the depth of a carton of eggs.
YES.
With the handle, the depth is about 25 inches and the refrigerator is about 28 inches wide. It's very close to the listed dimensions. It's perfect for the narrow spot I put it into and, unlike other comments I've seen, this one was not at all noisy.
Grey paint but I never really noticed
I am not, though I've only had mine 3-4 months.
"The door is stainless steel, the sides ""steel look""."
Width
There is a vertical tray Inside the drier, on the backside wall. It is easy to remove and clean. The drier (if working on gas) must be connected to the outside world, through a tube/fan whatever. That part also has a trap that must be cleaned, but not as often as the one inside the machine. There is a lot of lint after drying...
yes It can
Not sure how to reply. i am not a mechanic. but this machine is garbage. had many many problems with it. had to give it up. lost around $1,100 down the drain.
110
Have wondered about this as well. Have not found a filter.
It says it is brand new in factory box so I would assume it is made recently.
No, it is not ventless, but it is electric.
Mine is 220. I do not know if you can get a dryer in 110.
Washer is 110, dryer is 220. they are not wired together.
Not sure about the model number, but Brita stopped making the one for our GE Profile frig. Now you have to use the GE brand that fits your model. Sorry, we thought the Brita was a much superior filter, but that's what happens ...
Not sure what other brands it replaces, you can probably find a conversion chart online. These filters work great, my sensor goes off every 6 months for replacement but I let them go for a year since we don't use it a whole lot.
yes
Not sure--I have model RFG237AARS, manufactured Mar. 2010, French door (bottom freezer) cabinet-depth fridge. These Samsung filters used to fit no problem, but now the filters I used to order (still being sold in same old boxes) don't--the sprockets on the neck have been redesigned and do not match the picture on the package. I have not found a way to order the correctly-fitting original filters from Samsung.
"No, the ""F"" and ""G"" are identical in fit only. As for filtration, the ""F"" is strictly an ""aesthetic"" filter, meaning that it filters out chlorine taste, and cloudiness only. The ""G"" filter, on the other hand, is a ""health"" filter, meaning that it filters out cysts, chemicals, and heavy metals (lead, mercury) contaminants and so-forth. The ""F"" is a waste of your money. Pay a little bit more to protect your health, and stick with the ""G"" model. By-the-way, don't purchase any of the cheap, off-brand filters as they are every one the equivalent of the ""F"" model Samsung Aqua Pure filter. Buy only the name brand ""G"" model Samsung Aqua Pure filter. I have researched this extensively, and am a retired RN with 30 years experience, and very extensively trained, and well-read, so I do know that of which I speak about. Hope my little lecture helps! :-) Michael"
"Here is the answer we got from Samsung tech who was called to the house when the new fridge water tasted terrible. The filter has to be inserted and turned to catch, THEN PUSHED UPWARD AND TURNED TO ENGAGE THE FILTER COMPLETELY. Then the arrows will line up. We knew something was wrong when there was no water in the original filter when first removed. Apparently, the guys who installed the fridge never fully engaged the filter, and I followed their lead. The filter works perfectly now. We were also cautioned about ""generic"" filters that are knock-off quality and not able to filter as well or as long. There are duplicate Samsung filters made in Korea that are low rated but look exactly the same. Genuine Samsung filters with a higher rating are made in Mexico. Hope this helps."
they work just as good as the big box store ones do but not at the box store price
I would not recommend these filters. I ordered the 3 pack and 2 of 3 never worked. See my recent post from me and others on the many, many complaints. Even after flushing 5-Gal through the filter there was a terrible chlorine taste. If you do purchase I would get them from Lowe's. You will need to find your model number which is inside the door. GOOD LUCK!
The replacement light simply runs on a timer so it is likely just a coincidence that it came on now. There are no sensors that measure the quantity of water through the filter or quality or water output. Simply reset the filter reminder on the panel and wait till the next time that it comes on to replace.
According to the labeling it is made for Samsung by the 3M Corporation in Mexico.
If I remember correctly it did. Have had no issues with it whatsoever.
That's my model too and it works great.
"That's a good question. I must have missed that in my reading of the instructions. I have changed 4 since I've had my fridge and I've never shut off the valve. I simply untwist the old one, pull it out, line up the marks of the new one to the housing, and turn whichever way the arrow says to until it locks in. Then I ""run"" the water until it flows like its supposed to. The only other guidance I have is to check your fridge manual for the true directions. Best of luck!!!"
1degree differential
The system functions are heat. cool. off. The fan is auto or off. I am very pleased with my thermostats.
No
It is designed for multi stage furnaces . I don't think it would work with simple baseboard heat. I would go with a basic thermostat. But I'm not positive. You may want to Google basic thermostats..
Not sure about working on a mobile home ac. I bought it to use on my York heat pump unit. My problem turned out to be the electronics in the air handler.
Yes , this tstat will work on your hvac system. If you dont want to use program, just push the hold button.
"From a ""hardware"" standpoint, there is literally two holes that need to be drilled and the thermostat's BASE is fixed to the wall, then you connect each wire accordingly, and then you fix the thermostat onto it's base. That's it. Obviously you will need to know how to hook up the wires, a good idea is to take a photo of your previous thermostat's wiring prior to removing it. From a ""configuration"" point of view, the thermostat needs to be set up to match the equipment that you have (number of heat sources, Celsius or Farenheit, etc.) , however default values will work for a conventional cooling / heat pump unit. Hope this helps. You can check out the installation manual here: http://www.honeywellparts.com/manuals/honeywell-th5000-series-installation-guide.pdf"
I don't believe so but I'm not CERTAIN as I don't have a whole home humidifier.
Not sure...I am not an AC guy...I just connected the wires and turned it on...If if helps, one of our units is a gas pack. Heat and AC in one unit. Works fine..
Yes, It's a very good unit if you're avoiding a programmable thermostat. I'm glad I bought this thermostat.
I bough this filter along with a common refrigeration ice maker kit with plastic tube, but it will take 1/4 inch copper if that's what you are looking for. Hope that answers your question. Rick M.
1 year or 3000 gallons.
Nothing. One is for ice making and other is for drinking water. But they market it differently and charge more for drinking water then water from refrigerator
No shutoff but usually it's hooked up after faucet's shutoff so no big deal.
With the items you have yes. I have been reading that the filter top part breaks or the filter explodes ..... but i have been using one for over 6 months no issues yet. If i do I will update my answer. Have a great day. If for water or ice I recommend the lvl 4 filter. I have crappy water and it makes my ice taste much better.
I have the EZ 1 cartridge currently. When I replace my filter I will move on up to the EZ 4 just because it filters out more contaminants.
OD
My educated guess is yes it will. Since the unit is under pressure at all times, and it doesn't leak when sealed, it should work in any position.
waterfilters.net has Culligan filters. Call them at 1-888-801-7873. They probably have your answer.
Yes, but to an extent. My water here in DC is VERY cloudy and after installing this filter only a little tiny section in the middle of the ice cubes were still a little cloudy, but still a HUGE difference using this filter. I'd recommend getting a Stage-lll filter if your water is that bad, which I plan to do when the Stage-l filter nears its end of life.
This washing machine hose is made by Watts/China. I manage a Distribution Center for a large college campus, and we stock these for our campus plumbing shop, to be used as replacement hoses for washing machines installed in our faculty housing units, and we have had no complaints with these. We have been replacing the old rubber hoses with these as the rubber ones wear out, or break.
We have had he hoses for about one year. They are attractive and apparently well made. Not much to go wrong. No leaks so far. Leaks occur primarily at the rubber gaskets, which are inexpensive items that are easy to replace.
"I can understand your asking this question as product description is anything but straightforward. The size displayed must be the shipping package. That said. These come in varying sized. You can get lengths from 4', "" WMS4-C000674 "" up to 8' "" WM96SS "". Keep in mind this is for one hose. If you require two ,one can buy a two pack. This particular model is 5 feet in length, "" 2PBSPW60-1212 5-Foot Stainless Steel Washing Machine Hose, 2-Pack "". In most application 4 feet is sufficient."
One hose
Yes they do. I find very necessary when dealing with water that may contain particles.
In my opion it would work. I would keep it from the direct sun light though and keep this flex hose relaxed do not put it under any kind of strain as it will need to expand and contract with temp changes. Hope this helps. When you get this hose make sure it is a Watts product it will have a red lable on it with the Watts name.
Rubber on the inside with the braided outside for strength
"60 60"" long."
Mine is black with gold letters
I received a black one.
Dont know why the picture shows white but it only comes in black.
Yes it is. Very nice product. We replaced a Viking one for this one. Very easy to clean as the grates come right off to clean glass.
Dear Salvatore. Thank you for your interest. It appears the current price on Amazon today is $1089.00. Sincerely, Goedeker's
yes it has the LP jets at least mine did.
Yes that is the case.
no, not having any issues with the grates sliding around because they are pretty heavy. As far as the glass scratching we just lift the grates straight up to avoid that problem when cleaning. The only issue we have had so far is the knobs. They are good quality but in removing them to clean we have lost two little rubber inserts which holds the knob steady on the male inserts that they attached too. Now two of the knobs are loose. i need to get a hold of G.E. to get replacements. I hope this addresses any of your concerns.
The hood includes the exhaust mechanism, filter and light fixture, and once you install it (under a cabinet or all of the way to the ceiling) you must purchase the necessary exhaust pipe to either take the exhaust straight thru the roof, or get a 90 degree elbow (and the necessary pipe) to bend it (in the attic) in order to take the exhaust to the (side) eve of the house. Exhausting to the eve of the house is more economical and reduces the cost/risk of cutting thru the roof and the potential water leak etc. The elbow and aluminum exhaust pipes that I purchased at Home Depot (very economical) do not have to be sealed since they fit into one another tightly. One thing that I noticed on my hood is that the light switch occasionally stick when I try to turn the light on. Although I have not done it, I am sure that a bit of WD40 sprayed on the side of the switch would do the job. Considering the cost of this product, it is an excellent value. The unit is very easy to install. We are retired and we would buy this item again. We have stainless steel appliances and this hood matches seamless. To impress family and friends there are other hoods that would do the job at higher costs. I suggest that you follow the installation instructions as far as the distance of the hood from the top of the stove. Too close to the top of the stove will impede your working room, too far from the top of the stove, will diminish its power to exhaust the heat properly. It was suggested to us, and we followed, to install the hood where the very bottom of the hood is in line with your eye brows. It works fine, as exhausting the heat/smoke and it gives us plenty of working room with the pots etc. I hope this info helps.....
Yes. Should fit perfect
i currently have an led bulb in mine
No
All the hardware needed to mount the hood as well as the blower fan. The light was not included. It was easy to install and looks great once installed. Very good quality hood for the price.
Yes. Aluminum grate filter can be washed in dishwasher.
5.75 inches height...
hard wired.
no, it anchors to the cabinet at the top
"The product image is not the product you are purchasing. Read the description instead of looking at the picture, this is a 3-1/4x10"" rectangular top exit. I made the mistake of buying this thinking it was a typical 7"" round duct based on the picture, it is not."
"In preparing a cutout in 1 1/2"" thick plywood which will be wrapped in stainless steel, I made my very loose fitting (~1/4""+ unit movement) cutout 19 1/2"" deep and 28 1/2"" wide with 1 1/2"" radius curved corners. The stove base has 4 screw attachment holes at the corners to secure the unit to the countertop. It is recommended that the curved corners be located with respect to the depth and width lines and cut first with a circle cutter before cutting the remaining depth and wide cuts."
21 1/4
We have not noticed this happening.
Requires a slight pressure down to turn. Think this is to protect two year olds from themselves.
220 volt,works great!
That cooktop was installed in a rental unit we own. New tenants have lived there and no complaints from them via the stove. Someone else installed so I don't know about the alignment of the controls.
Go to Home Deopt home page and look the cooktop number up. In the product overview it will have downloadable installation instruction with dimension on page 11. Hopes this helps.
great question L after the 24 means left hinge, exactly as the picture shows.
either, you can adjust the temp but the shelves are wine style. Many people put cans and bottles on them
"The height is 6"" between shelves(with some adjust ability on a track) however the top shelf is recessed back about 7 inches so you can stand a large bottle on the lower shelf and it wont interfere with it. They are adjustable as well. Keep in mind this is a beverage center so the lower half is all wine and the top is a smaller compartment for soda, beer water etc. Looks like with some adjusting you could fit a 3 liter I hope this helps.."
According to the specifications, it should fit all of the Duet style units. It worked perfectly on my Maytag unit(s).
Yes
I wouldn't 't trust it. It did not work on my new set from Lowes
I think it should fit any front loader models. I am not completely sure but you can always search on the internet for the best fit for your models. I would bet that they would fit because they are pretty universal.
Im not sure. If you go to the whirpool site and type your model numbers in it gives the stack kit. Just use that part number to find on amazon.
probably, but you need to LOOK at your owner's manual (they're online) and write down the stack kit number that's listed to be sure. buy the kit number the manual specifies.
If they are both front loaders, then I would assume they will work, but I am not certain.
Yes. It takes about 10-15 minutes to install. We have the 3000 series, as well.
"I have 2 stack units in my house. One set were stacked directly on each other. The second unit I installed have a 1"" offset. I ended up purchasing a second set of brackets so both units would match. I believe that any kit would work. But look under accessories for your specific model for the right kit."
I am not sure. I have the maytag 5000 series front loaders. This was the kit that was sold for my washer and dryer. I am pretty sure it can be used with many models because it is pretty easy to use. I would google what kit is used for your whirlpool. If there is nothing listed I would bet this would probably work.
Always and no issues. The absolute best. We purchased for our Soup Kitchen that feed hungry and homeless in community. Our last Health inspection we received 100. They loved our fridge and other local restaurants dont own one. You will be very satisfied.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! The door is not reversible. It is permanently hinged on the right. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's
Yes. Castors are removable
You should be able to order the shelves directly through the manufacturer. Please contact Frigidaire for cost and availability.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! This refrigerator does not allow for the defrost cycle to be turned off. It does, however, allow for it to be sped up.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! Unfortunately, Frigidaire doesn't give that information. They only say that it will defrost every 12 hours.
"If all the filters are original PUR* replacement filters, the filter medium will be the same. Someone has posted that the PBSS filter is inferior to the others, but I see no data to back up that assertion. The difference is in the amount of water they can filter before recommended replacement and the flow rate. The ""universal"" PBSS filter is rated at 100gal. capacity and 0.5GPM flow rate. The 4396710 is rated 200gal. capacity and 0.5GPM flow rate. The 4396841 is rated 200gal. capacity and 0.85GPH flow rate. Strangely, both the 100 & 200 gal. capacity models are recommended for 6 months replacement. You would think the 200gal. models would last longer. Some whirlpool refrigerators offer what's called ""fast-fill"" systems, which dispense the water almost twice as fast as ""normal"" systems. It stands to reason that the 4396841 would be best if you want/need the higher flow rate. It also stands to reason that the lower flow rate models probably filter better since the cartridges (and presumably the filter mediums) are exactly the same size (educated opinion). I have decided on the 4396710 for my refrigerator. I researched a lot for this answer, I hope it helps."
Thank you so much! I'm going to check my manual to see if it's a Fast fill product or not, although the Refer. is a side-by-side.....I'm paying over $50./filter now through Sears's website, but won't now!!!
The P stands for pair and the T stands for triple pack
is whirlpool 4396841 the same as REPLFLTR20
"I agree with Brett below. In looking at the picture of both, they look the same, there a 2 nipple ends that go in first. On my Fridge(Whirlpool Gold Side by Side) there is only one way to slide it in, so it is impossible to insert incorrectly. The filter is slotted to match up with the filter hole in the refrig. See answer found online: Important note: The filters 4396841 and 4396710 are interchangeable and offer the same level of filtration. However, the 4396841 offers two flow rates (0.50 gpm and 0.85 gpm) which are necessary in some applications. If your refrigerator has a ""fast fill"" function in your dispenser, you should use 4396841. Otherwise, the 4396710 will work properly."
"Here are the compatible part numbers. You need to check your current filter number and see if it matches. The genuine OEM Whirlpool / KitchenAid 4396841 Refrigerator Ice & Water Filter replacement fits Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Amana, Jenn-Air, and Kenmore side-by-side refrigerators with a push-button filter located in the grille at the bottom of the fridge. If you see the words ""Fast Fill"" or ""PUR Measure"" on your water dispenser, stick with this filter (4396841) because 4396841 has dual flow rates of 0.50 gpm and 0.85 gpm. If you don't see those words on your dispenser, you may upgrade to the newer, improved Whirlpool 4396710 filter. The newer 4396710 filter removes more contaminants than the older the 4396841 filter, including cysts and turbidity. The Whirlpool 4396841 refrigerator/icemaker water filter replaces the following older part numbers: Whirlpool / KitchenAid / Maytag / Amana / Jenn-Air 4396710, 4396710B, 4396710P, 4396710T 4396711, 4396711B, 4396711P, 4396711T 4396841, 4396841B, 4396841P, 4396841T 4396842, 4396842B, 4396842P, 4396842T P1RFWB2, P1WB2, P1WB2L P1RFWG2, P1WG2, P1WG2L P2RFWG2, P2WG2, P2WG2L T1RFWB2, T1WB2, T1WB2L T1RFWG2, T1WG2, T1WG2L T2RFWG2, T2WG2, T2WG2L Sears / Kenmore 46-9020, 469020, 9020, 9020P, 9020B, 04609020000 46-9030, 469030, 9030, 9030P, 9030B, 04609030000 T1KB1, T1KB2, T1RFKB1, T1RFKB2 P1KB1, P1KB2, P1RFKB1, P1RFKB2 PUR 2260515, 2260538, 2305222, 2305267 2313412, 95357630, PBSS, PB-SS W10121145, W10121146, W10177635 W10186667, W10193691 *Some Kenmore refrigerators are made by Whirlpool."
To be sure, please go to Whirlpool's website. If you need further assistance, they will connect you with a representative.
If you go to the manufacturers website and find that model# for the spec page where they will list a part number for the filter. I believe that there is one filter for most of the models (especially in a series like the Architectural Series etc.
No this model requires a different filter. You can do a search by your model number and it will give you the correct filter. You can also look at the number on the filter in the fridge now.
"This just designates how many are in the pack that you are purchasing. You can buy these filters as singles which is just 4396841, or in pairs which adds the ""P"" to the manufacturer#, or in threes or triple which adds the ""T"" to the number."
Honestly I do not know. The box says Whirlpool using the proper logo and also says Pur. Pur maybe making theses filters for Whirlpool products since Pur is a filter company. They have worked fine. I would not hesitate to purchase again.
Gee.... I don't know... Don't want to give you the wrong advice. Sorry... I couldn't help you.
Yes this filter is made in the USA! But the box said made in Mexico, the filter said made in the USA
I don't see that number on the cartridge box so I don't know. You will probably have to ask the seller or call the company. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
Yes, this item will fit in fridge model # GD5RHAXNB01 Have a great day! DiscountFilterStore.com!
"The ""P"" means it is a generic replacement for the Whirlpool filter. I purchased the P model and see no difference between the 2."
Wish I could help you but I do not have an interchangeable chart. Perhaps if you google this it will give you a lead. Sorry.
This is a genuine Whirlpool Filter Part #4396510P
According to Whirlpool, 4392857 and 4396510P are interchangeable.
I would call either Magtag or Whirlpool Customer Service and ask if the same Water Filter is fit your Model Refrigerator. Often (1) Filter Manufacturer will make the same identical Water Filter and simply put different Decals and Model Numbers to supply different Brands.
"This is the review that helped me: "" 4.0 out of 5 stars Great dryer! The filter does get clogged though...., March 6, 2012 By Benjamin D. Garlock (San Francisco, CA) - See all my reviews (REAL NAME) Amazon Verified Purchase(What's this?) This review is from: Haier HLP140E 2-3/5-Cubic-Foot Compact Tumble Vented Dryer (Kitchen) I've had a great experience with this dryer and the washer that pairs with it. I live in a tiny studio apartment in Manhattan. The only problem is the wool filter in the back eventually becomes way too dirty to be useful. Even using the lint wand, it eventually just gets too chewed up. After a good deal of digging I found that you can replace the filter. If you Google the part number it is called a ""Panel Top WD510023"". They were about seven dollars with shipping. Other then that, it's a great dryer! "" I'm going to go and look up the part."
"I totally agree. There's no need to vent this dryer and i don't even use a ""Vent kit"" I just place it up again the wall and use the adapter that comes with it to vent up from the back. The filter's screen makes it so little if no lint get's out. In the winter it's a free heater and humidifier, in the summer your central a/c should have no problem keeping the house cool. It put's out very little heat in the long run and if you just wait to you go to work/school to turn it on then it's literally no bother."
You can do 2 bathrobes, queen size sheets or even a jacket. I have found that i can do 5 or 6 pairs of pants at one time or even a small blanket. All things considered as long as your willing to wait for it to dry you wont have a problem with any of those. The dryer is more forgiving than the matching washer.
Considering i do 2-4 loads with the washer and dryer combo a week i really didn't notice a change in the bill, in fact it was negligible increase. One thing i do that others may not be able to do is i wash a load or 2 before i go to sleep with and toss the wet laundry in the dryer and wait till i leave in the morning before i turn it on. When i leave in the morning i turn the A/C off anyways so even if it increases the temp and humidity in the apartment i never notice it. Coming home turn the A/C on and fold clothes and everything is good. If it helps you the dryer uses about as much electricity as a hair dryer or a space heater (My kill-a-watt says between 900-1000w during use). The matching washer uses literally a fraction of that. I also use auto dry instead of timed dry and have never had a problem with it. But more to the point after one full load from my 1cf haier washer i used about .75kwh or about 9 cents to dry it.
I'm sure it should ~not~ be doing that. (I guess that was obvious.)
I personally have not had this issue, but sounds like drum belt is loose or broken.
Not sure what the question is, but I would not suggest putting a rug in there unless it is a small bath mat.
Yes, this will fit.
traditional dryers can easily get rattling noise if something small gets sucked into the filtering process... but This one I doubt that is much of an issue, I've had mine about that long, and I don't have a rattling noise. Try slowly rotating the inner drum, and see if something 'moves' inside (aka... drops b/c it was ontop of the drum or something else, or something inside the inner 'bumps' that push the cloths)
You need to ask an electrician. I just plugged mine in to a standard American 110 wall outlet and it works great. Oh and both washer and dryer run and works on the same outlet at the same time.
Exactly the same filter that came with the unit. Looks like paper.
Yes
It doesn't look like they will fit. I checked the size of the Kenmore 14911 filter which is 11 X 2 3/8 X 6 1/4 and the moist air filter is 8 X 2 3/8 X 6 1/4 Alan Gerber
I'm not positive. It matches up perfectly with a Kenmore 42-14911 which is basically the same brand.
yes these should work just fine.
yes they will work
No
Probably. I've never dealt with this brand or model. According to my humidifier parts catalog, your model calls for 4 filters - each 6 1/4 inches high, 11 inches wide and 2 3/4 inches thick. These are only 2 3/8 thick. I don't think this will be a problem. When I replace or sell filters to customers, I always try to measure the filter holder to see if the filter will reasonably fit. This filter type is flexible and will swell when wet. Good luck!
According to my replacement catalog all models of the Essick Air 696 -400 and 400HB use the Essick 1041 filter. I confirmed this with one of my part houses. Please remove the water bottles and check how many wicks your machine uses. Depending on the exact model, some use more than 1
yes
While I don't know whether this will fit your hood, you could try what I did. I measured my old filter. The measurements were the same as given for this filter. I decided it was worth a try and gave it a shot. It fit. It's not a very complicated item. I think all that's needed is for it to fit into the allowed space.
No it com's in a plan box.
"No, it is too small. For that hood (non-ducted use) you need this filter kit: 99010308 ** Non-ducted Filter Kit, 30"" Hood - (Contains 2 filters) 10-13/16"" x 13-5/16"" Price: $37.22 (http://parts.broan-nutone.com/broan/Shop?DSP=30115&PCR=1:1000&IID=CJD1)"
Well, I am not positive, but I put the shiny side toward the stove.
Unknown since we purchased the range hood from another company. What is important is measure them exactly...found that out the hard way!
Sorry I don't....
Hi Lou, I would say no. Do you have a filter part #? Model?- Thank you
Yes. Seems to work fine.
You need to remove the existing one on there and measure length width and thickness. Then verify the Broan size to match. If not there should be other filters by Broan that would fit.
"If the vent opening where you would mount the filter is 8 3/4"" X 10 1/2"" then it will fit. It's really that simple."
It is only for the Venta humidifier.
No this is not common. I have had my Venta humidifier for 4 months and replaced the cartridge once and have not had any issues or white dust. I would contact customer support. Good luck.
i change mine every year.
on the model that I have the filter screws onto the inside of the water tank fill cap. remove the fill cap, unscrew the old filter from the cap and replace it with the new filter. Should be simple. Be sure to follow instructions for activating the filter.
I change my water every few days, wipe it down and the change the airwashers when it is due. Mine have been working over 2 years.
"This is a filter for the Venta Ultrasonic Humidifier. That's what I am using it in. Believe they are using the term ""airwasher"" in how the filter helps remove particles, dust, and others from the air."
Angela, When I replaced mine with the filter here, there was no discoloration that I noticed. Maybe the filter's reaction to the water quality you added, but I'm unsure.
Yes. It fits my fridge.
I think so. The one I ordered fits my fridge. It's expensive but it works.
From info shown, I can't tell. There are many water filters for Sear's refrigerators that look alike. One way to get an answer is to call Sear's 800 number to talk about water filters. Have yur old filter to look at and refer to. Get the exact numbers of the treplacement yu want from Sear's. Then check back with Amazon. You will no doubt find, as I did, that you can buy th filter you want thru Amazon at a big saving. I do not believe the photo shown is a match to what yu want, so start by calling Sears.
No this will not fit, It is a completely different filter.
the I have is only for model 469006-750
This is not the same filter as #9020 they will not fit the same refrigerator
Yes
Yes, that is the model number of my frig. and this filter fit fine.
I don't know
Yes it did!
We have the ksb5wh3 and it fits properly on this model.
It worked for me!!!
Not sure, but it did work fine for me. FYI - It is inexpensive enough to order it and try. If it does not fit, send it back. As an alternative you should be able to contact the company to get a better answer to your question.
yes
It may, but it may not. I'd bring my blender in to a local appliance shop to be sure.
I one I purchased is for my kitchen aid blender and it fit perfectly. I have no idea if is fits your Model KSB5WW3. Sorry, I could not help you.
"I don't have a micrometer but using a common tape measure the ring is 3/8"" with an outside diameter of 3.25"""
This looks like the part (I believe perhaps it was a gasket, but not sure of it's part name since I replaced it quite sometime ago). It did fit our Kitchen Aid Unit very well, along with the turning blades. The parts that I ordered from Amazon were relatively inexpensive, but certainly did the job and our expensive Kitchen Aid mixer has been working very well and that makes my wife very happy. Hope this helps you. You are not looking at much money here in the event that the part is not the right one. I would give it a try. Good luck.
I can't remember if I ordered that or not, but what I can tell you is everything I have ordered for my blender that they suggested has fit perfect and it is working like new!
According to Oregon Scientific's website, yes it will. See their Sensor Guide here: http://www.oregonscientific.com/us/en/service/sensorguide#
No. This is a consumer grade product, not professional or commercial grade.
The humidity reading on my old unit that eventually failed got funky and was reading about 30 percent lower than what it should have been. But the replacement unit I bought over a year ago has been right on the money so far. What's weird, however, is that the humidity reading INDOORS on my MAIN unit has gone bonkers now and is reading about 20 percent less than it should be. So go figure. But I have a digit-readout humidifier that I use in the winter, so that's not as important to me as the temperature.
Yes. I've had my sensor outside year round, from 90+ to -25. In extreme cold I've noticed a problem that it changes from degrees F to degrees C but other than that the sensor works great.
Find the model number of your base unit, and then check the Oregon Scientific website to see which sensors are compatible. http://www.oregonscientific.com/us/en/service/sensorguide
I do not know. My main unit is a BAR913HGA. Best way to find out is to call Oregon Scientific.
I don't know . I got one for my old unit and it works just fine . I hung it up out side in the shade and out of the rain and snow . I guess when it stops sending a signal I will replace the batteries . I think they will last for a year or more . I can't believe the price of this little unit and it works so good . You can't go wrong . Can't remember if it has one or two batteries . Good luck Kid . John
read directions...you MUST change the batteries in the outdoor unit first then load batteries, even re-used ones, back into the main unit...otherwise it will not reset and search for the outdoor unit again.
Yes, it works great, I have it in my detached garage attic, it is about 90-feet from the base station
The base unit is nearly 5 in. high, 2 3/4 in. wide and about 3/4 in. deep. The sensor is 3 1/2 in. high, 2 1/4 wide and 3/4 in. deep.
yes you can went out back and top also. just remove grease filter the remove grease pan and you can see the back side just remove backside went template draw the line on wall and make a went super easy to do this any question feel free to ask
Unscrew it! Sometimes they do become difficult to twist because of the proximity to heat and grease buildup. Clean the glass bulb as well as you can and grab something like a rubber grip jar lid remover and push slightly against the bulb and twist.
The answer is No.
3 in. X 11 in. duct is standard size. You will find the necessary duct adaptors at Home Depot or any hardware store.
i guess yes you need to buy special non duct kit for air re circulation kit. do not remove top and back of air vent duct hole cover and just install air re circulation kit the air will be come out from top and I guess kitchen cabinet wont cover that holes.my best suggestion is just download installation manual from broan website and you will know exactly dimension and all stuff
Honestly I do not know. But on the other end the only moving part is an electric motor. What can go wrong?
I know this may be obvious, but pull off the left filter and see if you can see something touching the fan. You may have to pull off the shroud to see further if nothing is easily seen...
You have to buy a six-inch one from Home Depot. The pipe hole size on the range hood itself is seven. A bit of workaround needed.
Only difference appears to be the control panel on Amazon picture. But product description is as on Zephyr Typhoon page and that is what was delivered (6 Speed Electronic Touch Controls Featuring Auto Delay-Off and Blue LED Lighting). Mounting was 4 screws - you need a long phillips screwdriver and an assistant. Works very nicely. Much quieter than inexpensive fans. Has significantly reduced grease on kitchen cabinets from frying.
It's a excellent range hood, it's not hard to install if they know what they're doing
twelve
"Short answer: 10 years parts, 1 year labor. I have pasted the text from the warranty page in the manual in case you would like full details: ===================================== Zephyr Corporation (referred to herein as ""we"" or ""us"") warrants to the original consumer purchaser (referred to herein as ""you"" or ""your"") of Zephyr products (the ""Products"") that such Products will be free from defects in materials or work- manship as follows: Ten Year Limited Warranty for Parts: For ten years from the date of your original purchase of the Products, we will provide, free of charge, Products or parts to replace those that failed due to manufacturing defects. We may choose, in our sole discretion, to repair or replace parts before we elect to replace the Products. One Year Limited Warranty for Labor: For one year from the date of your original purchase of the Products, we will provide, free of charge, the labor cost associated with repairing the Products or parts to replace those that failed due to manufacturing defects. After the first year from the date of your original purchase, you are responsible for all labor costs associated with this warranty. Warranty Exclusions: This warranty covers only repair or replacement, at our option, of defective Products or parts and does not cover any other costs related to the Products including but not limited to: (a) normal maintenance and service required for the Products and consumable parts such as light bulbs, metal and carbon filters and fuses; (b) any Products or parts which have been subject to freight damage, misuse, negligence, accident, faulty installation or installa- tion contrary to recommended installation instructions, improper maintenance or repair (other than by us); (c) commer- cial use of the Products or use otherwise inconsistent with its intended purpose; (d) natural wear of the finish of the Prod- ucts or wear caused by improper maintenance, use of corrosive and abrasive cleaning products, pads, and oven cleaner products; (e) chips, dents or cracks caused by abuse or misuse of the Products; (f) service trips to your home to teach you how to use the Products; or (g) damage to the Products caused by accident, fire, floods or act of God. If you are outside our service area, additional charges may apply for shipping costs for warranty repair at our designated service locations and for the travel cost to have a service technician come to your home to repair, remove or reinstall the Prod- ucts. After the first year from the date of your original purchase, you are also responsible for all labor costs associated with this warranty. Limitations of Warranty. OUR OBLIGATION TO REPAIR OR REPLACE, AT OUR OPTION, SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS WARRANTY. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSE- QUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THE PRECEDING SECTION ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM AND EXCLUDE ALL OTHER EXPRESS WARRAN- TIES FOR THE PRODUCTS, AND DISCLAIM AND EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY LAW, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some states or provinces do not allow limitations on the duration of an implied warranty or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential dam- ages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. To the extent that applicable law prohibits the exclu- sion of implied warranties, the duration of any applicable implied warranty is limited to the same ten-year period described above. Any oral or written description of the Products is for the sole purpose of identifying the Products and shall not be construed as an express warranty. Prior to using, implementing or permitting use of the Products, you shall determine the suitability of the Products for the intended use, and you shall assume all risk and liability whatsoever in connection with such determination. We reserve the right to use functionally equivalent refurbished or reconditioned parts or Products as warranty replacements or as part of warranty service. This warranty is not transferable from the original purchaser and applies in the United States and Canada. To Obtain Service Under Limited Warranty: To qualify for warranty service, you must: (a) notify us at the address or telephone number stated below within 60 days of the discovery of the defect; (b) give the model number and part identifi- cation number and serial number; and (c) describe the nature of any defect in the Product or part. At the time of the request for warranty service, you must present evidence of your proof of purchase and proof of the original purchase date. If we determine that the warranty exclusions listed above apply or if you fail to provide the necessary documenta- tion to obtain service, you will be responsible for all shipping, travel, labor and other costs related to the services. Please check our website for any revisions, www.zephyronline.com. Zephyr Corporation Service Department, 2277 Harbor Bay Parkway, Alameda, CA 94502 1-888-880-8368"
"I have the black one, so feel free to discount my answer. I ""think"" my black one is painted metal, instead of painted stainless. Make sure read my earlier review in case my experience helps you. Once installed, it has been holding up and doing its job well over the past year and half."
its about 20lbs but its made very cheaply had to fix ours twice fan transformer spot weld came off . get what you pay for!!!!!!!!!!!!we replaced with a ge caf hood,so far its nice 300 more but no headaches good luck
On high this fan is moderately loud (my kids have to turn up the kitchen tv), but it works amazingly well!
It fit my Tappan stove.
The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
They did not work on my stove,
I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
I have the filter aboard my boat (which is under cover for the winter) but as I recall the fittings are standard garden hose connections. I use it to fill the water tank on my boat because the water line from ashore sometimes has algae in it from being infrequently used and subject to sunlight and warm temperatures.
Answer here...You can buy replacements even at Walmart.
No. could not find any at home depot etc.
The only cartridge listed in the instructions is the D-15. So I would say no.
We always used ours from the source to the rv, so temperature was never an issue. The water was heated after it flowed through the filter and into the rv. I think you would want to do it that way, because then you minimize or eliminate any dissolved salts in the water before the water heater.
I didn't put a limiter on, and there was no difference in the flow pressure. But that could change from one campgrounds to the other. Hope that helps.
I doubt that it would eliminate the possibility of water spots when water dries in the car without using a towel. Depending on the filter type used it certainly would reduce the particulate matter that is left behind when water dries but it would not turn the water into the equivalent of distilled.
Honestly I do not know. However, several years ago I had the female connection break and they sent a replacement free of charge. But I since have replaced both the plastic female and mail ends with metal ones. The reason...we RV a lot and I felt more secure since we hook up and unhook the filter so frequently. Otherwise I do not see any reason for the unit to not last way more than 5 years. We have been very pleased the filtering system.
I can't recall, but I will say they are plastic and leaked horribly even when I used Teflon tape. The inlet house simply blew out twice so I to modify with connectors purchased at HD.
Measure, trim, screw it onto the lower back (interior) of the door....then adjust the height using the screws. 10 min job.
Yes the bubble will be under the door on the side that faces out of your home. It is there so you do not see a gap from the outside.
None.....just the weatherstripping.....but it's below the door
The strips can be cut using a utility knife. The strips are made to fit an exterior door, so they are about 1 and 1/2 inches deep. That might be kind of deep for a folding door.
"Holes are 8"" on center."
We don't carry.
A tapped keg of beer should stay fresh 3-4 mths. You can get the co2 same place you buy kegs. Bought the kegerator Dec 2013 we have averaged 1 keg a month and we have changed the co2 tank once. I bought a cleaning kit same time I purchased the kegerator and we have cleaned it just once, I believe we should of cleaned a little more often. We love thr kegerator works great and keeps beer cold.
"It's not quite as simple as a set and forget digital setting. Yes, I believe it will be able to hold your temperature range of 50 to 55 degrees. It will probably be able to do that without having to disassemble the thermostat too. You will need, however, to monitor the temperature until it gets to your desired range. I have one of those atomic clock things that has an outside temperature transmitter. I just put that transmitter inside the kegerator. Mine keeps track of the temp range in the past 12 hours and resets at midnight each day. I just went down and checked mine. Now, keep in mind that I actually have mine set to keep my beer in the mid 30's. I like cold beer! Anyway, the range of mine since midnight last night has been between 31 and 38 degrees. It was precisely 33 degrees when I just checked. It holds that pretty consistently day in and day out now that I have my dial set correctly. By the way, it is a rotary dial, with ""colder and warmer"" direction. There is no temp set. So it may take you some trial and error but I think you should be able to get there pretty quickly. Hope this helps."
No, the keg is for illustrative purposes. However, it does include everything else in that picture.
With 1/6 of a keg it will fit. I have seen home made kegerators with the tank inside. Tape the hole in the back so no cold air gets out. Enjoy
The biggest dispenser it will hold is a full keg which is 15.5 gallons. If my math and measurements are correct, it will last 13.77 days.
To be honest, I don't know what a leinenkugels keg is... if it is a standard 15.5 gallon keg it will (barely). In fact, on all of the 15.5 gallon kegs, I had to either tape the door shut or in one case, make a tape seal around the door because the door would not close.
The beer line has a nut that is pre-attached that screws on to the coupler that attaches to a standard sized American beer keg. This link may help explain it better visually. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uBwEDDoYY0 I hope this helps.
Bought this as a wedding gift. It is pretty much the same as a mini fridge. Dial for temperature, like 1-7 was the setting if I remember correctly.
No It does not. From front to back its only 12 1/2 inches. The diameter of the quarter and 1/2 barrels are 16 1/8 I use a 1/6 of a barrel its 55 bottles and lasts me 2 weeks. Plus it only weights 58 pounds.
Don't know yet. Delivered as a gift out of state. Did you try their web site? There's also a number of sites that rate these devices, so they might include energy info.
No it only helps with tilting forward.
Using museum wax underneath the front of the tv stand prevents the tv from falling backwards...used in conjunction with the straps to prevent the tv falling forward...it gets the job done. The strap kit I purchased at Home Depot comes with 2 oz. of museum wax to serve the purpose of the tv falling backwards. Museum wax is a microcrystalline product which provides instant grip to collectible items, etc. Sticks to wood too! :)
We anchored our tv to the tv stand,not the wall. It works.
Hmm... I wouldn't be entirely confident in answering that. I dont believe that it would be effective on a porous surface.
It is very sturdy, however if the stand itself can be rocked or shaken I would secure the stand as well. We have a very large tv on a stand close to the ground, our toddler can pull and shake on the TV and it holds well. I'm not sure I entirely understand your situation, but I hope this helps!
Yes
I'm not sure about just the adhesive pads coming seperate. I checked the quakehold site and couldn't find anything. I would suggest contacting quakehold directly, or looking to see if the adhesive company 3M makes anything comparable. Hope this helps!
Yes but it's better to screw it in for a stronger grip in my opinion.
Yes Much better that way. Find stud locations and use lag bolts 1- 1/2 long
"I don't think so. You need to screw the base into something. Mine is on one of those Ikea ""wooden"" cabinets."
Yes. My husband wears glasses and he has no problem seeing the controls.
Same installation as the old one and does not have to be GE installing it.
No you will need desperate ventilation. However remember you don't have the open flame heat like a gas stove so less ventaltion is needed just to remove smoke or orders. I just have a microwave above with vent and it is perfect!
You can look up size requirements for opening on a G E help page. Oft hand the sizes are very close
Yes. We have had ours 9 months and have a small number of scratches. They are almost not noticeable.
Not sure but the electrician that installed it didn't have any issues with them or use any special connectors. Hope that helps.
It's very easy to clean. Just make sure you use the proper cleaner that's called out in the manual or you could scratch it. We love our stove top.
I also was very concerned as I had never owned a glasstop or induction either. After severall months of cooking on it I would not have a concern. Ijust removed anything I had around the stove so nothing would be dropped on it. Even the cookwear is heavier than most and no problems. I think this is the future cooktop and gas will be out! So fast and efficient even frying is easier and faster. If I would have know how wonderful it was, I would have purchased it years ago. Its the absolutely best change in my kitchen remodel. GO FOR IT!
220V
It is raised so your cookware cannot hang over the edge. We really haven't had any problems with this and we use large stockpots. If you use a large pot on one of the smaller cook surface you may have to set it off center a little which isn't an issue.
Home Depot stocks GE FCM5SUWW for $189: http://www.homedepot.com/p/GE-5-0-cu-ft-Chest-Freezer-in-White-FCM5SUWW/203547584?cm_mmc=shopping-_-googleads-_-pla-_-203547584&skwcid&kwd=&ci_sku=203547584&ci_kw=&ci_gpa=pla&ci_src=17588969
no but the frost build up is minimal. not opening and closing often. use it for storage mostly, buy in bulk when find a bargain and use refrig freezer for stuff will be using in a week or so.
"about 15"" x 23"" x 28"" (at the deepest end) about 24"" at shallow end ( over motor)"
The maximum start up amps would be 15 - according to the plug. Although it probably uses only 8 amps. When the compressor is running about 3-4 amps according to our electrician.
I live in north carolina and have it in my garage and it is fine
"vent on one end, directions say allow 3"" clearance back, top and sides for air circulation. will not hold proper temp in over 110F or under 0F"
Sadly no... but I have it and it works perfect!
General electric Appliance park Louisville. Made in China
Mine doesn't.
"depth (incl hinge) is 22.5"" Width (across the front) is 28.5"" Height (not including legs used for adjusting) is 33"""
we didn't send it in.
220
It's 220.
Hard wired only.
110. You have to actually wire it yourself as it doesn't ckme wired with a male plug.
"Yes - but hard wired in a junction box, not a plug-in outlet. Install instructions specify a 208/240 V power supply. However, they also say 40 amp and that would only be needed if you were using all burners at max heat at the same time. I had mine hooked up to the same 30 amp power supply as my old ""regular"" electric cooktop with no problems."
My electrician was here to run an electric line to the island so he very quickly installed the cooktop. Be aware that this cooktop isn't a perfect square. If you already have a cut opening you may have to chalk the gaps.
"Absolutely - candy was one of the first things I made on my cook top!!! (and needed to go to a hard crack stage.) It gets much hotter, also - if needed. I LOVE the ""H"" setting - brings water to a boil very rapidly. My one suggestion - get the 5 burner if your counter will in any way accommodate it. When we got our induction cook top, I'd never even seen one or knew anyone who had used it. My husband said, ""Get the 5 burner"" - I didn't want to, as I'd never been short on burners when cooking, even for groups. (I was always running out of oven space so we did get a double oven - reg. sized - LOVE it!) Well, even the sales person didn't explain to me the advantages of the 5 burner; it's more than just a burner. With induction, it is more important to match an sizes, but . .more importantly, you can only use ""H"" (the energy boost for rapid heating"" on one burner at a time in a section. On the 4-burner cooktop, there are 2 ""sections"" (I am sure there is a technical term for it) - on the 5 burner, there are 3 sections - so . . you can put more burners on ""H"" at the same time, and yep - I needed to one day when cooking for a crowd. Of course, you make do with what you have - but I sure wish I'd gone w/the 5 burner for the times I need it. And . . I LOVE the ""L"" (lowest) setting - holds things perfectly, and I no longer need to melt choc. over a double boiler. I just put it in the pan on the stove -L setting. And .. I while many pans will work w/induction, I'd recommend the best you can afford. We have been very frugal our entire lives - and did buy Demeyere pots and pans. LOVE them - (even when I had to cook on a coil hot plate while the kitchen was being remodeled.) Worth every penny - and if you get them at Sur LaTable and don't care for them you can return them. My husband loves them!"
they need to made of metal that a magnet will stick to. Our current cookware is produced by infinite circulon. a coated cast iron works as well as some stainless steel. my suggestion is invest in cookware that is recommended for induction cooking.
Yes GE does approve for this oven to be installed below this cookbook. However it can't be a different brand or gas. The oven has to be a GE brand. How this helps in making your decision.
We bought ours in 2010 and no scratches so far - and that's with a LOT of cooking. We use cast iron a lot, but always put a paper towel under it when we cook as an extra precaution not to scratch it.
I just tried it and there is not enough room for 2 10in skillets on the rear burners probably 2 pans will fit.
"The unit will ""stick down"" into the cabinet below the cook top about 6 inches. It is not possible to have a drawer in the ""normal"" position immediately under the unit. It is much the same as your kitchen sink in that regard. You could have a tip out drawer in front of the unit similar to the kitchen sink option, but that would not give you much storage space. hope this helps."
I use one twice a day on the stove and have not noticed any issues. I have been told that cast iron may scratch the glass surface but I have avoided sliding the pan on the surface.
I would contact Ge to make sure that you get the best answer.
"There are five burners in sizes: 8"",8"",10"", 9"" and 6.5"". This cooktop is superb. You will never want to cook with gas again. Cook faster, lower bills, doesn't heat house, quick to clean, more work space too. Win win win win."
Windex, BarKeepers Friend, or Ceramabrite all work great. Ceramabrite seems to last longer than the others. Probably the wax coating it leaves behind.
I haven't tried that but why don't you call GE customer service and ask? Another Amazon customer had the same question. BTW I extensively reviewed quality price and cost before buying this unit for my new home and GE came out way on top in all categories on this unit. Amazon price was terrific, at the time I purchased it late 2013.
"Well, we have a stove under it and the stove is not 12"" down..."
220V
1 year full warranty and it is nationwide.
It's very quiet so it's hard to tell. I've been using it for a couple years now and absolutely love it!
"The manual to this unit says the opening should be 37 1/8 width and 19 1/8 depth of cutout. They also say to use a 36"" base cabinete. I checked with my husband who measured and said that you would be very close. You have to put silicone around the unit from underneath and you may have a bit of an opening. The silicone may show from above a bit. He thinks that if you carefully position it, you should be able to go ahead and have the unit with the dimensions you've provided. I bought my unit online and there was a service number to call. I would go to retailmenot.com and find the least expensive price then I would call them and have them go over the dimensions so that you are absolutely certain. I can't stress enough what a wonderful cooktop this is. You will love it. I hope it works out for you. If you'd like I would be happy to either fax or mail you the installation page that gives all the diagrams and info. My email address is sedolgoff@aol.com"
If a magnet can stick to the pan then it will work. If not then you need different pans. I love this cooktop btw.
Electrical requirements are 3 conductor 208/240 VAC, 60 Hertz, 50 amp copper wiring. I believe Malaysia uses 50 Hertz.
I just took the measurements. Internal dimensions are exactly 31.5 inches wide and 16 inches front to back. Wall thickness is 2.25 inches on all sides. Hope that helps
Not that I am aware of, but it's quiet, efficient and doesn't build up ice too quickly...have had it several months, filled it a couple times and still haven't had to defrost it...
"H 33.25"" X D 22"" X W 37"""
The one I have does not have a lock. We wanted it for indoor use and there are never children around so it works for us.
Yes it came with two that slide across the top. :)
Power cord is about 6 ft from the right side. Be careful of the supplier. Some are including GE in their ads but ship the Chinese brand. Also the handling is sometimes rough in shipping and the bottom of the packing is insufficient. If it is dropped on the power side the resulting dent will void your warrantee if you accept it. View the reports on the suppliers.
sorry. this was a gift for someone else so I don't recall. I recall one fit on either side of the freezer and there was a slightly larger opening in the middle.
Do not know. Mine crapped out after only a year and a half. You can decide if you want to gamble on the cost of the freezer and the lost food. Good luck.
Yep
Just a regular 3 prong pkug
YES
None of the replacements I bought worked. I ended up using some generics I bought at Lowe's that have an aluminum drip pan that extends out of the burner well.
According to the information that came with our Jenn-Air downdraft cook top, the cartridge I bought through Amazon fits Models JED8130, JED8230 and JED8345. The Jenn-Air cooktop, which was installed in 2006, came with a booklet displaying specific cartridges that could be used with the model. It designated the model # that I bought through Amazon. I bought the electric coil cartridge to switch out from the grilling cartridge, which we rarely used. I hope this is of some help.
I'm not sure how yours plugs in. On my stove where you plug the burner in there is a plug in, a hole, and another plug in. The burner JEA7000ADB has a plug, rod, half plug. I guess its that way so you could plug on either side of the stove. My stove is 25 years old and this burner fits just like the one that came with my stove. I hope that this is a help for you.
"I don't have a way to accurately cross reference your coil cartridge with mine, but the opening for my cartridge is 18.75"" X 10.25"". My griddle cartridge was broken and I replaced it with another coil cartridge. The electrical receptacles are the same for both the griddle cartridge and coil cartridge. Be sure to verify the color of the cartridge; my coil cartridge is black, but I think they're available in stainless steel as well. Sorry I couldn't be of more help."
I believe they can, my sister has a flat top and when she cans she puts in the ciol cartridge.
this one works for me, but i could not found the model type from my Jenn-Air.
No
I'm not sure - fortunately it did fit my model but I wasn't sure when I ordered it as there was no serial number on the unit to confirm. I just looked at the picture & it was exactly the same as I what had already so ordered it & it worked. Hope that helps.
Yes. Worked well for us.
You might try turning water off to washer. it should start draining and then the door should unlock. Check your water pressure for your home. It may be too much. I had issues until I lowered my pressure.
No
I have not had this happen to ours but I have had to look for answers for other problems with this washer. :-( Maybe this link can help! http://fixitnow.com/wp/2013/03/28/amana-front-load-washer-with-no-power/
If there is water in you will have to drain it from the back. There are two metal clamps that attaches a grey hose once you were to remove back panel, of course unplugging and moving with a folly if you have one to some Where you don't mind getting flooded with water. I had to learn the hard way. Water everywhere. Once the tub is drain, hose reconnected with clamp and plug dry and connected the door will open. I am a female and was able to do it before calling service. Mind you after three time twice finding a coin in my pump I now have a new top loading washer again.. Good luck!
6+ years
Sorry, we are not a merchant of any appliances on Amazon. Sorry we couldn't help. Brad Levinson Warm Ups Bandless Ear Muffs
Pack it up and send it back to AMANA. Let them pay to put it in a landfill. You are lucky if this is the only issue you are having with this machine. Seriously, the droopy door hinge is the tip of the poor engineering ice berg.
Sorry. I have no idea, the machine died. Went back to a top loader. The front loaders harken back to the system the Indians used, beating them on a rock. We didn't feel they washed the clothes well. There was just a class action involving mold in front loaders. To my knowledge, we did not have that problem with this machine, which we avoided by removing standing water when we were done using it and by leaving the door wide open when not in use. I DO know my sister had a problem with hers though, with mold on the door gasket that WOULD NOT come out of the rubber, no matter WHAT I tried. Also had a problem with the door safety lock mechanism on your model NFW7200TW 27. Sorry I couldn't help.
Having never had to do it, I can only offer suggestions. Not a technician, but at 67, been around the block a few times enough to garner experience. ;&lt;) 1. Is it a hard water accumulation (white powder) ? If so, soak in vinegar. 2. Is it possibly fabric strands (shouldn't, but could be) ? If so, try to remove the screens. You might try soaking them in bleach or drain cleaner (it's main ingredient is bleach). After removing the worst of it, you could then carefully (IF the screen is metal and there is no RUBBER gasket), hold the screen over a flame to burn off the rest. OR, you could spend a lot of time meticulously picking out whatever is left. All I can think of. Hope I've helped.
Yes. It's my understanding that all of these electric flat stovetops are made with ceramic glass tops. You still need elbow grease but it works pretty well. I don't wait for any build-up and try to clean early any area needing it. Don't wait too long to attack those stubborn spots.
Two and they are very small.
Yes, my kit included, cooktop cleaner, cooktop protectant, protectant applicator, cleaning pads and a cooktop scraper.
do not know ingredients....My opinion is the product has no strong smell and does one heck of a job.
No it does not.
I swore by this for my grey tops I had 3 times before and have found it the very best out there for the new blacktop I have.
"Sounds like you're looking for a ""batdh feed"" unit. This is ""continuous feed"" and doesn't work that way - you'll have to switch this on on the wall."
No
I believe it is. I believe the sink attachment is the same. Not exactly sure the side discharge is the same distance from the basin
Out the waste food I it and flip the switch. Works great.
http://www.kitchenaid.com/digitalassets/KCDB250G/Dimension%20Guide_EN.pdf the detailed dimensions and size guide is here. It is relatively quiet.. not as quiet as the massive ones I tried in HD, but quieter than a few others.
I have no idea- but I love mine
It does not. It has a standard electrical connection that requires wire nuts for the black and white wires and a set screw for the ground wire. You could buy a heavy-duty appliance cord with a standard 3-prong plug on one end, and connect it to the connection spot on the disposal. You could then plug the pronged end into a standard wall outlet.
The product description says it weighs 13 pounds.
yes
"About 7"" wide and 12"" long."
Yes. Its just a mild sound that let's you know the door has been opened. It does continue until the door is closed.
"If you mean "" door chime"" as in every time a door is opened, it would produce a chime and let you know, yes. It would do that when the system is on, but not activated. In essence, it lets you know every time a door is opened. It could do it for multiple doors, if you purchased additional contacts."
Hi, the Control Center (receiver) comes with an ac adapter but uses 4 x 1.5V AAA batteries for loss of power back-up. The transmitters (sensors) use 3.2 V lithium coin cells (1 for each) CR2032. Transmitters batteries are expected to last up to 2 years. If the sensor battery is weak or signal is lost, the Control Centre light will start flashing as a warning. Hope this helps.
No, there is no on/off at the sensor. If she tries to take it off or anything like that it will seperate at set it off. It works like a charm. Use the alert channel #4
Yes
No volume control. You can turn off the sound completely, or have the sound on.
Yes, it will do that as long as the unit is not too far away from the base unit!
Frequency is irrelevant. This is a proprietary system. It would be incompatible with anything else including other GE wireless devices. Invest in a decent package from the outset. The range of this one is minimal without installing their repeaters/range extenders.
Yes, quite helpful for that.
Not that I know of. Anything plugged in has a battery back up. I am in an area of frequent power failures. More than one a month and it has not been a problem with the security system. You could call GE, I think it is GE/Jasco for the security system. Sorry I don't have the number with me. They are very helpful.
The cord that plugs into the wall.
From the sink to the discharge pipe is approximately 6 inches. From the top of the unit to the discharge pipe is approximately 4 inches.
No, this is a hardwire set up and can only be connected by copper wire hook up. I would read the installation instructions very carefully.
Yes, the GC2000XE has a dishwasher hookup. Just installed myself and wanted an exact replacement for my old one, which this was. Don't know why they don't show any of the hookup in the pictures. New one works well and is pretty quiet.
Sure. You get more power.
David there is no power cord attached to the unit there should be a positive red wire, negative black wire and ground green wire which are inside the disposal covered by a metal cover remove the 2 screws and attach to the flex for power to electrical source. Hope this helps A
I have similar situation with me. Can someone answer this question please?
It's direct wired. No plug.
I think so. I bought unit Whirlpool GC2000 1/2HP and it works fine.
Yes look like it will . Power cord will work for sure
The product width is accurate. No need for extra space
"This hood will except a 6"" duct, has A adaptor ring included with the hood."
a total of 30 inches and 9 inches of the 30 is the height of the hood. So it is 21 inches from the sove top to the bottom of the hood
yes it needs to be vented
At the Broan website, find your model, and it will either tell you or you can ask a question right there and only takes a day or so. Very efficient.
The fan speed is variable from low to high via a slid control instead of having fixed positions such as low,med,or high. It allows you to have better control of air flow through the unit. I think that is what it means. I installed our vent hood on a outside wall. The instillation was very easy, and the unit looks and works great. Hope this helps. Jim
Hi, yes, you'll need the non-ducted filters. Part number is Broan #97007894. You can read more about the accessories replacement parts for the 893004 here: http://parts.broan-nutone.com/broan/Shop;jsessionid=071CC0E7204636809277324E4DFB740A?actn=quicksearch&searchtype=all&indextype=7&keyword=893004&Search.x=0&Search.y=0 Item #28 on that list, says you need the Broan #97007894 filters. I think this is the same as the Amazon listing here: http://www.amazon.com/Aluminum-Range-Hood-Filter-11/dp/B008B7VI1Y/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1375731887&sr=8-1&keywords=broan+97007894 *I usually buy direct from Broan, but the above part description, mentions that it is compatible Good luck!
"You would need to provide a cord. It's intended to be direct-wired using Romex (""NM"") or other cable. If you wanted to do so, you could use a three-wire AC cord and attach it to the wires inside using wire nuts. See if local code permits this, and be very careful any time you work with electricity."
No--it has to be wired. BUT--you could make a simple cord that plugs into an outlet with a few simple supplies from a hardware store.
The hood I installed is a 30 inch hood so not sure of the size you are looking at
It looks like an enamel coating.
"The depth is 12 inches, but it needs an extra one inch in the back to ""breathe."" I have it mounted under cabinets that are 12 inches deep, and it looks good. The extra inch that it sticks out below the cabinet is just about the size of the microwave door, so it makes sense, since the door needs open space to swing open."
yes
We intalled ours in a build-in cabinet space (it replaced the same model that we had for 14 years) - it is wobbly, but that is becasue it needs to be bolted down but me husband has not gotten around to doing it yet. :) Good luck!
No, but the whole microwave lasted led than 4 years before needing replacement
I am in the same situation. I need one too... these dimensions, to fit custom cabinetry that I do not want to modify. Wish I could help. I'll let you know if I find any options with the same dimensions. Please do the same for me.
Sorry, I don't know. It's working great for us though.
24 inches wide by 10 inches high
"I am happy to help with your question. I use ""Cerama Bryte"" Stainless Steel Cleaning Polish and Conditioner, it contains mineral oil. I received a 2 fl. oz bottle with my Frigidaire ceramic and stainless steel cooktop (also purchased through Amazon). I see that they sell the Cerama Bryte on Amazon also. Its easy application to ss surfaces. I use it on my Breville toaster oven too. It works very nicely since its a creamy liquid that I apply to a small piece of paper toweling wipe it on your surface and just wipe it off with a dry paper towel. That way there is no over-spray. It shines. I hope this helps."
"The cover to the plug in the freezer where the ice maker connected had what type of ice maker would fit. Yes I had to buy a ice maker supply line kit from Home Depot. This kit had a saddle valve and 25ft of 1/4"" supply line. Since the water line I was connecting to was in the basement, I had to drill a hole in the kitchen floor behind the refrigerator. The ice maker kit had everything that was needed once a water supply line was brought to the refrigerator."
Yes it did. The lever that shuts off the ice maker when the bin is full goes ever the top edge of the bin when the top drawer is closed. The bin that comes with is just the right height to work with the lever.
We use one that goes right on the water line. Bought at Menards, not expensive, connects very easy. Hope this helps.
Don't know, I have a Maytag fridge.
I believe it is, I installed mine into my Maytag Refrigerator.
The replacement ice maker for Amana TSI22VW is listed as Whirlpool part number AP4135008. That ice maker is also listed as a replacement for my Amana ARB2217CW. I replaced my ice maker with the IC11B and it worked fine.
The one I recieved had the ice maker and the plasitc tub to catch the ice as well as the rest of the fittings I needed to hook it up
No, This particular piece mounts to the top of the exhaust hood. It only redirects the filtered air back out through the louvers in the picture. The exhaust hood does need and an outlet though.
"2 1/4 h. X 29 1/2 w x 12"" d"
This product does not have a filter, as it is the recirculating fan system. Your filter is in the main hood system which can be replaced in about 20 seconds.
Yes, but depending on the frequency of use they can last quite a long time.
No,this is just an adapter for installations without an outside duct. The main hood unit does have a light.
Mine tasted a little funny the first few water fills, but was fine after that. I use bottled water in mine. You could try running a batch of vinegar water through it, just make sure you run a couple batches to rinse it well.
I bought one to use in my camper. When I received it, I plugged it in and it worked well and as well on our first camping trip, but a month later on another camping trip the ice machine began to make less and less ice. I called emerson and they would not honor the warranty because I had not bought it at Target. So personally I would not purchase another Emerson machine.
1 tray.
It probably is a start cap if it's not a bad connection, somewhere,, if it's a bad cap, might cost ya bout 20 dollars,, if that doesnt fix it, trash it, there to mechanically involved, something else will go out,,, I recommend a small office/dorm size freezer,, has no mechanical parts except the pump, and just make your cubes manually,, good luck
Small is about 7 minutes. Medium about 11 and large about 15 minutes. Will take a bit longer if water is warm. Suggest chilled water to speed up process.
Yes, I have. I let the water run until I know its cold enough. Its been 2 yrs. since I have had mine. Knock on wood, mine is doing good, no problems or issues with it. It has paid for itself, since I don't have a ice maker on my apt. refrigerator. Forget ice cube trays, they don't make enough, take too long to freeze. I make around 3-4 gallon size freezer bags full of ice. This can take all day and into the evening to get nice full bags of ice. You can leave the ice maker if you have to leave to do something. I have, and when I get back its waiting for me to empty the ice and/or add water. Doesn't overheat either, as it shuts down automatically.
No ... it makes regular ice cubes in 3 sizes
We went through three of the Emerson Ice Makers in about 1 year. After a big hassle we were able to replace machine #2 under warranty. Ice maker (the replacement) #3 started making noise after a few weeks. Wife found an Igloo brand portable ice maker. The Igloo is cheaper and much better. I haven't had any problems with it in over a year. Hope my experience helps.
The one I had worked about 3 times then stopped resetting. I finally decided I had wasted $125.00 and tossed it. I try not to buy Emerson products anymore.
Emerson ice maker are junk we have had four and have returned each one after only a few months of use. Won't every buy Emerson products again
"I'm not sure what your question is here. If you're asking whether you should go with 1/2 or 3/4 HP, I think the answer is ""it depends"". If you're in the habit of routinely loading up the disposer with all sorts of waste and expecting it to handle it, the 3/4 HP or even 1 HP model is a better choice. On the other hand, you really should never load up a disposer like this and should not discard larger solids through the disposer anyway. The disposer itself may be able to handle large amounts of solid waste, but your drain pipes won't like it and you're very likely to have flow problems and/or blockages over time if you use your disposer this way."
In order to install the Waste King L-2600 you will have to possess basic plumbing skills. For my Kitchen sink all of the necessary parts were supplied to connect to the dish washer and the drain pipe from the sink. I supplied plumbers putty for installation to the bottom of the sink. I am accustom to doing most of my own repairs. Dave.
The elbow comes w/ it and where the dishwasher hose attaches is a spout that the hose supplied w/ the dishwasher attaches to and clamps. You just have to remember to knock the plug out the garbage disposal that seals the spout off if your not plumbing it that way.
The hopper is plastic which makes it very light to install. Disposals have a tendency to corrode and leak after yrs. of use, I hope this lessens that problem.
No problem,matched up perfectly with existing fittings.
Unit comes with own power cord to plug in to under sink power source
I would suspect there may be an issue with the unit you received, I have had no unusual odors from the one I got. It does get a little warm when used a lot, but no smells.
"Waste King is made by the Anaheim Manufacturing Company. They proudly advertise ""made in the USA""."
The voltage is 110 AC on this model. Their line of commercial disposers would be 220 AC voltage. They also make a line of international disposers, if you are looking for a 22 DC model. They are sold under the names of Waste King and Sinkmaster. The Waste King models all start with the letters WKI. WKI-1001, WKI-2600, WKI-3300, WKI-8000, WKI-2600TC, WKI-5000TC, and WKI-8000TC. The TC models require no wall switch for installation. I don't see that Amazon sells any of these models.
Basically means that you dont have to drop one carrot at a time down, you can just keep pushing it down into the disposal. Thats just an example, but you can also just keep funneling whatever it is down the disposal without the need to take breaks of feeding it.
Not sure how long the battery lasts. I've had my Mini Hygrometer since last winter 2012. It still works just fine. It's perfect for fitting in small places. I keep it in my guitar case in the dry winter months to keep check on humidity. In humid summer months I keep it on night stand where it doesn't take up much space. I don't expect this digital unit being a small size will go through batteries very fast. Battery could last a year or two. Most important, this unit is very well made. Hope this helps, Stan
I don't see why not. I use it in my guitar case. It is one of the smaller Thermometers, but one of the very best in quality built. I have had mine for a year or so now. Never had any problems with it. It's very convenient to use because of it's size. Stan
Yes iteasures humidity very accurately.
Cheaply built but works
"My (uncalibrated) calipers say 2.527"" x 1.582"" x 0.619"" deep. (0.552 if you don't count the magnet on the back or the push buttons that extend forward from the front.)"
it is battery powered and has a watch-type battery already installed. There's a red tape you pull out of the battery area after you open the box which allows the battery to make contact and it comes on. So no battery to buy. Seems to work pretty good, I use it in my basement to measure humidity.
I don't remember the brand of my battery, (Possibly NL) but it is 1 small LR44 (0. o/o Hg Cell) and has lasted me for over a year.
I have found that as the weather and temperature change - mine is fairly rapid to change - but then I do not have a second one in my case to compare it with to see if one is more rapid than the other, nor do I watch it on an hourly basis.
It is self contained but, , , approximately 6 degrees off.
Comes included but, , , is like 6 degrees off and no way too adjust it.
"I do not believe this item will work with your dishwasher. I went to Amana.com - click Customer Service - click Replacement Parts - and put in the model number you have above. There are some variations, so you want to make sure that there are no additional digits that follow the WW on the manufacturer tag of your dishwasher. There is one that matches exactly (no digits after), so that is the one I used, and went to the ""control panel"" display. The Latch Assy called out is a 99003347. The one you were asking about is 99002577. Amazon does carry the one you need (99003347). Just go to their site and type in 99003347 and do a search, it should come up. There are some other items that come up also, but I didn't see that they were a match. I would stick with the exact number match. Good luck."
The only way to know for sure is to look at the product and see what models this latch is compatible with our call Amazon customer service.
I just entered my Maytag model #MDBH975AWS and this part came up for it. It fits perfectly and took my husband 5 minutes to put in. You can also watch installation on Youtube. Hope this helps.
I have a Maytag MDB 8601 AWS and this latch worked just fine. I think the Maytag is made by Whirlpool.
Yes this comes with handle
I got it for a Maytag. It isn't the same model number as yours, but the part seemed pretty universal. It wasn't the same model # I needed either, but has worked great and was fairly easy for my husband to change.
Dear customer, Thank you for contacting us. Unfortunately, we can not guarantee an arrival time once it leaves our location. However, we ship all of our received order in a 24 hour basis. Let us know if there is anything else we can help you with. Regards
I think the best way to answer your question is for you to remove the inside door cover to see if the picture matches the door latch you have. The one pictured is a pretty universal latch for the Maytag brand.
This one has plastic inside that is pushed aside by a plug, but when the plug is out it covers the two hot slots so it should prevent a child from getting shocked.
As far as I'm aware you need to know if you want a 15 or 20amp outlet. My understanding is 15 amp is more common. Check that the unit is not close to a sink or any other water source as then you would need a different type of outlet. Otherwise I followed instructions from a YouTube video and found it very straight forward.
when inserting a plug, make sure that both prongs go in at the same time. there is a plastic gate of sorts just inside the openings that need to be opened at the same time. this protects against insertion of items such as a paper clip or a butter knife into one side of the outlet.
"All the Duplex Recptacles I've ever seen, If you break off the ""Breakable"" metal tab between the connector screws, you can wire each outlet separately."
Single outlet.
Yes watch what color you take wires off usually white screw goes to white wire and bronze screw goes with black wire
The duct is very flexible, but also very thin. I don't think it will take much abuse in the 'push it radially' department. But it will bend easily. I attached mine to a 90 degree elbow out the back of my dryer so it wouldn't crimp, bend, and close up. But if you are trying to attach it and move it laterally from the outlet (say left to right) I would say you'll be okay - as long as it's not too far, too quick. In other words, this is thin material we're talking about, not the heavier actual metal ducts you have have seen elsewhere. I worried about ti being so thin when I installed it, but it has held up just fine.
"I just purchased this based on the description that states ""UL 2158A Listed And Marked. Constructed of 4 ply aluminum foil laminate that will not support combustion."" According to the article referenced below """"Only flexible ductwork meeting UL 2158A can be used as dryer venting."" http://homerepair.about.com/od/heatingcoolingrepair/ss/dryerventsafety_2.htm"
Yes, with sturdy shears, like kitchen shears or the plastic package,opening clippers
I think a flexible duct is easier to replace than it would be to clean it
Yes, mine is a 4 inch vent and it fits perfectly
No
Yes it should, it's flexible.
I've found an article on the topic of dryer vent length: http://www.appliance411.com/faq/dryer-vent-length.shtml It seems flexible tubes aren't good for long distances and you should think about getting a rigid vent instead.
Well the problem with any mold is that it's alive, more or less. So, once it starts, one either kills it or does not. What I did (no longer have that machine,) was always wipe the inside of the seal with a solution of pure liquid bleach, applied on a rag, using my finger tip (rubber gloves, OK) as the applicator. That more or less did the job... depending on how bad it was. But there's no doubt it's a troublesome problem. The other thing I frequently did was run a load of HOT water in the empty machine, with about a quart of pure bleach. I think you get the drift: mold is not your buddy; kill it!
Are you actually considering buying this thing? It is terrible. Do not do it. The only stacking that should happen is in a trash bin.
It is the same place you put the soap but in one of the two compartments. It has raised writing (letters) which one.
Nancy, I did not get your question, but I have had this oven for over 3 years. I love it! It is the best oven I have ever had. The only thing I have found is when I clean it, the highest cleaning level is too much. I have to use the medium level of cleaning. Other than that this is the perfect oven. When I get a new stove, I will buy electrolux. I hope this helped you. Any other questions, please ask.
No problems with anything yet. Oven is about a year old.
Yes, all racks and supports are removable. In fact, the user's manual states that the racks and supports are supposed to be removed prior to using the self-cleaning cycle. The racks just lift right off the supports. I removed mine and repositioned them a couple of times to get them where I wanted them.
Are you referring to something on the oven? Perhaps it means original?? I could not find this term Org. on the Amazon info or my oven. Sorry
Yes. Every time we've run the self-clean cycle it burned out the thermostat and the oven stops working. Both techs told us this was not an uncommon problem - just don't use the self-clean cycle. Other than that we love it.
Yes,but still in the box
It hold 6 on the bottom rack - this picture is incorrect. The top 2 racks are glass shelves most likely used for bottles & canned beverages, but I suppose you could also have wine bottle on their side there. Google the model number and you will see the correct picture on the Electrolux website.
"I am using mine as a pure beverage center (sodas, waters, juices, beers), as I have a separate dual zone cooler just for wine only. As such, I removed the bottom wine rack. I was able to position the top rack so that beers up to long neck bottles (e.g., Coronas) fit just fine with about an additional 3/4"" height clearance, then the middle rack positioned below with enough space for the small (10 oz.) size of canned sodas, then plenty of height on the bottom floor of the unit to again easily load tall neck beer bottles. Note that the bottom floor section of the fridge stays approximately 7 degrees warmer than the upper two shelves, so I use the bottom shelf mostly for bottled waters and overflow beers from the top shelf (drink from the top shelf, quick restock from the bottom shelf to the top). Hope this helps."
Yes, we often put prosecco or champagne bottles on the bottom rack and the middle you can lay down whatever you want
No, the height is not adjustable.
I think so. Not 100% positive. The way mine is installed the door does not open all the way So there is not enough room to get the rack out but it does look like it will slide out with the door fully opened.
The wine rack can be easily removed. There are also 2 adjustable, slide out glass shelves - so a number of configurations are possible.
Hi, you can change the side the door opens from, but it requires ordering an additional part from the company. Kind of a pesky issue considering the cost of the fridge. Other than this the fridge is wonderful.
It has some screw like legs that help you gain height if you extend them.
No, it does not
Both shelves pull out but they're not tall enough for a gallon of milk. But the pull out function is great for locating bottles/cans.
The sensor end goes in your fridge/freezer. The sensor has about 2' of cord. You close the door on the cord. The display comes with sticky velcro pads so you can stick it anywhere on the fridge (most likely on top or on the side). I used a glue gun to affix the sensor and cord so that they would stay put (the suction cup does not stay on). You may need to adjust the location of the sensor in order to get the reading you desire as it can vary depending on how close it is to cold blowing air, the door jam and also the height. For my upright units, I found that a location towards top, halfway towards the back of the unit gave me the most consistent readings.
I have no idea if it's NIST certified, but having bought and owned one of these, I wouldn't trust it monitoring turkeys I bought on sale, never mind vaccines... this thing is junk... save your money and buy something better....
Just poor quality. Only 1 of 3 I bought actually worked.
I have never seen a way to set the alarm temp besides choosing between fridge and freezer and I have several of these in use. I also find the quality control to be poor as the last two I bought didn't function at all.
"No. This unit is sold under several different names. If you find my review of ""CDN Audio Visual Refrigerator Freezer Alarm"" I have detailed the unit's operation and provided pictures that show the temp range stamped on unit case."
This is sold as ONE. I had to re-order for the second hose. I would definitely change the hot water side first.
China
yeah. it should fit any washer. those connectors are pretty standard.
"There is a large ""LEAD FREE"" tag on them. Along with a separate tag with CSA and NSF endorsements."
No leaks and the fittings are perfect. I've moved the washing machine multiple times with the hoses attached with no ill effects. These are great hoses.
You will need a drain hose. There are universal drain hoses and specific brand and/or models drain hoses you can search for. They also come in difference lengths.
If there is no drip when the water is on, but it started dripping when you were turning off the water, you need to replace the faucet. Feel for wetness with your fingers to find out where the water is coming from- if it is above where the hose connects, which in this case it most likely is, the faucet needs to be replaced, or at least new gaskets installed- I'd replace the faucet if that is the case. If that is dry, but is wet only at or below where you've attached the hose to the faucet, then the hose connector is where the leak is occurring. In this case, you probably will only need to replace a 25 cent rubber washer. Dry everything with paper towel or rag before checking where the leak I coming from. Plumbers tape is not an option- your seal is the rubber washer between the hose and the faucet, always check to make sure the rubber washers are in place. Hope this helps...
"Standard washing machines have 3/4"" supply line fittings on both ends of the hoses. These hoses are for a standard installation and have the 3/4"" fittings."
Oh yes. I is much longer than you think but can twist a bit to fit a smaller space.
Yes they can be used for both!
Why would you just use it for ice bags?
To maintain the proper temperature setting in your freezer you need a freezer thermometer. They are cheap and available in almost any kitchenware department. You can then choose whatever freezer setting that keeps the already frozen food at 0 degrees. If you are freezing any quantity of food you should bring your freezer temp to at least -10 degrees. Once your food is completely frozen you can reduce your setting to maintain the 0 degree temperature. Check your thermometer and set your freezer temperature setting accordingly. The fuller your freezer, the better it will hold the temperature and run more economically.
Off the top of my head I would say no. It has a lock installed on the left side of the door which could not be moved. It also has the digital temperature control and warning signal installed in the door just above the handle on the left side. Due to both of these issues I would say it must open on the left side. I also just looked through the manual and there are no instructions for making it a right opening freezer. I wonder if you might be able to special order it that way?
It is labeled as commercial, I don't believe it is reliable enough that I would trust it in a commercial setting. I had two compressors go so far. We caught it in time we lost about $20 worth of ice cream. The meat stayed frozen.
You shouldn't be sorry to use them. I have 3 and find that they work great. On occasion the signal may be lost on a particular sensor. If that happens then I just go manually thru the channels and then press the search button on the Master to bring it back online. Also, you will have an indicator on each channel which will tell you if a battery needs to be replaced on a particular sensor. So yes, they work and work very well to tell you temperature and humidity anywhere you place them as long as they can get an unobstructed signal.
Sorry Deborah I never tried it against another unit. Are they Honeywell units? If so I would buy one to find out. I purchase 100's of these for crawlspaces and always use the same brand with no trouble.
Usually 2 degrees either way.
No, but using a kitchen mallet makes excellent crushed ice.
Easy. Open the lid. Lift out the basket and the water goes in the well under the basket. There is a fill line also when you are done if you are not going to use it for a few days there is a drain spout. I just set it over my sink and let it drain and wipe it out. It's ready the next time you need it.
yes,,, we have use this for 2 years now,,almost on all the time.... love the machine.
Three people use this around the clock and it has yet to run out of ice. 50 people might be a stretch for this machine.
I used tap water as well as filtered water, I preferred the filtered water because the ice seemed to be more clear
Yes
It's about twice that size but it's soft like Sonic ice if that makes sense. It's dome shaped ice. You can definitions chomp on it.... That's what got me hooked on this machine.
Have no Idea. Quick search of manufacture site yielded no results. Ask the manufacture would be your best option to get that answer.
I measured it on my kilowatt meter, its 120 watts max when its running and making ice. It'll run off a car inverter NO problem.
They are opaque in color
No
I have had my machine 4 years. I take the filter (located in lower left of water bin-in the hole that takes in water) out on a regular basis and clean it. If I forget about it the machine will show ADD WATER LIGHT when there is plenty of water in the bin and the filter is too clogged to suck in water. I take a butter knife and pop it out of the center of the hole. I do not know where or if you can buy replacements but I still use the original that came with my machine.
If there's nothing else on ie T.V., radio etc. You can hear it especially at night. Also it stopped working after two years. Can't seem to find anyone to fix it. ...
No it will not, you need to manually fill lt.
No, you must have access to an electrical outlet
It does not have a filter in it!
I believe it was a 1 yr warranty. Ours lasted just several months after our warranty was up. If I were you I would look for a better one. A friend of mine bought the same one, and his broke down too. Save your money on this and look for a better deal.
No..it is not like soft bullet..it does not crush easily but as like normal ice cube.
"Hey Bradley, there is quite a difference in the size... I have found that the difference in the ""melt time"" is even bigger than the appearance. It takes a couple cycles for the large size to freeze to its max size, especially here in Florida unless I have the air conditioner very cold inside which I dont like."
I get 9 Large cubes in 15 mins. or less. Hope this helps. Awesome ice maker.
It is relatively quiet. We mostly use it in a storage bay in our motor home but have used it in our jeep too. You can hear a quiet hum.
Both AC and DC/
Yes. It runs on either 12 or 110 V. You connect both and if 110 is available, it will use it as a priority. If you will never have 110 available, then just connect it to 12V.
Nothing they are the same. I would not buy either one I had two of them and they were not very well made and very hard to get parts for. The first one I bought I had to take back three times to get one that worked properly. I would recommend an Engel cooler never had a bit of trouble with the two that I bought. Vaughn
4.9 liters=app. 13 gal.=32qts.
Yes, it will. Mine woe parks great so far!
1. All Plastic inside and oustside 2. Both AC and DC, swith by yourself with different plugged (depend on what you want)
The Dometic is 23 1/2 L x 14 W x 18 1/2 H.
This product never needs to be plugged into AC. The unit can become a freezer on DC only.
Conrdad, Approximately 3-4 amps. Joe
Yes it did as long as its the issue also make sure the vent outside is clear with no obstruction
Not sure, mine is a 110.68322700. Did you Googled the specs for your model? Hopefully it works, you'll save a lot of $$$
I can't say for absolutely positive, but this is a universal kit used for many many different models.
No. Sounds like the timer switch. More expensive. The 2 thermostats control the heat and extreme temps. The timer on an older dryer is the main knob that you turn to select what type of load you have and how much time.
Hi , You need part # 279816 it is a little different than this one chosen
Yes. According to PartSelect.com, it's the same part. There are some good YouTube videos showing you how to replace it.
Check this link. Let me know if it doesn't work. THANKS! http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-Part-Number-341195-Thermostat/dp/B0066EMP7K/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1410959391&sr=8-2&keywords=341195
Works fine!
Sorry, I don't know.
You need to ask the seller, not me the buyer. Good luck.
Yes
Yes, I've purchased two sets, each at separate times and they came in nice retail boxes, which I kept for storing the racks in.
The best answer anyone can give you is to check the measurements of the rack against the measurements of your pans. I don't use mine that way, but IIRC the half sheets are too big, I think it will only hold the quarter sheets, but don't take my word for it. Measure, measure, measure. Seriously. There is one bad review here written by someone who didn't measure and blamed the product when their pans didn't fit. Also note that the rack has to be oriented in one direction, front-to-back -- there are posts on the sides to keep things from sliding out. So, if your pan is too long to fit in your oven that way, and I'm betting it is, it's not going to work with this rack.
No.
No, it will be too close to the element. I always put my oven rack at the lowest position & then put the 3-in-1 rack on top of the oven rack.
They do not come with the cookie sheets. Only 1 rack is attached to the sides which unfold. The other 2 hook on to the sides.
No, they are all attached to each other. They do however, come limetedly apart from each other enough to swing the layers to fold flat for storage.
Since the levels measure 15.5 x 14.2, if the sheet fits on one, it should fit on all three, as shown in the image provided. But do note the support uprights at the sides. You can only slide sheets or pans in from the front.
There is only on size.
"2 3/4 "" between the racks"
Cleaning is easy...we use weiman stainless steel wipes and it works well.
Hi. We have natural gas. No option in our area for dual fuel. Stove is second to none. B.
"I have since moved to a new city and left the Bertazzoni behind, so I cannot recall exactly how it is cleaned...but my memory is telling me that it's non-self-cleaning, so you've got to do it the old fashioned way. I'd recommend looking up the particular range you have in mind on the Bertazzoni site (just Google ""Bertazzoni manual"" and you should be able to find a PDF and figure it out. :-)"
Which stove do you have?
Yes
Hi. They look to be cast iron, not enamel. As my review indicates, we have had some trouble with this, particularly with technical support. The burners don't always light and stay lit. The oven is great but the fan can stay on forever after cooking at high temps. Sometimes I have to flip the breaker to turn it off. On the plus side, it looks great and is easy to clean.
Yes, the washer does fit a regular outlet and please review the owners manual
"23.25"" deep, 33.25""high,23.5"" wide. With door open 39"" deep plus need 5.5"" clearance at back. Fits under counter"
no
Carefully pop off the lower front panel (it may be hard to do--carefully using a screw-driver will help). Then unscrew the plug in the lower rt hand corner. Have lots of towels spread out, as there will be a lot of water coming out once you do that.
yes
Yes, and with any mechanical skill at all, its easy. Just take your time amd follow instructipns included with the kit
Yes it will.
From what i know as long as its a whirlpool it should work for it.
Yes
No
The Maytag MGD4200BG0 and MGD4200BW0 use this conversion kit.
i do not know Please ask the seller
Andrea, you would be better off to order the Maytag conversion kit for your model. You need w10307153 conversion kit for the model you have. You can find it at this link (http://www.ajmadison.com/cgi-bin/ajmadison/W10307153.html) . Price is 20.00. Tom
I'm not a Whirlpool repairman but Whirlpool is probably using the same valve assemblies as older models so this conversion kit has a high chance of success.
"I recently purchased a new, ceramic glass cooktop range. In the literature that came with the stove this Griddle was advertised. The model number corresponds with the Whirlpool model shown here (4396096RB). The description specifically advertises that it works on ceramic glass cooktops: ""Commercial-grade, cast-aluminum surface safe for use on gas and electric ceramic glass cooktops and ranges to expand cooking surface."" This is straight from the manufacturer. Hope that helps! (I plan on ordering one)"
Yes I have an electric range it works great
"We have a gas fired cooktop. We place the griddle on the grates right over the burners. There are no legs. My wife's comment is ""I love that thing"". It is somewhat heavy so you have to consider where you will store it."
yes I typically set the smaller burner a little hotter The griddle is thick and heavy so it takes some time to heat up - be careful and dont set the temp too high if you get impatient - once its TOO hot then it takes a long ti8me to cool to Just set the temp that it should be and give it about 4-6 min to heat up
I would not think so. Why would you want to? It's a stovetop griddle.
This is a big rectangle piece of metal that can sit on any flat surface. You can put on a barbeque grill or lay it on the coals. Your electric range top will have no problem with the grill unless your top is too small.
That would depend upon the dimensions of your burner grates, but having had a couple of gas ranges in then past I don't know why not. I can't say for sure, however.
"Not sure which one you have but I use it on my KitchenAid KFGS366VSS 36"" 5 burner. It fits perfectly over the two right-most burners and works great. Only catch for me is I have a KA ""snorkel"" downdraft vent at the back of the cooktop and I have to make sure the griddle is clear of it before turning on the vent fan."
Wisconsin. Works great. I love it.
Roughly 19 1/2 by 10 3/4 fits perfectly over the two burner
It is a rubber core. I have it running between the filter and the fridge. The copper I had got a kink in it so I went with stainless. The stainless made the water intermittently taste terrible. I have had this for a few months now. No problems and the (well) water always tastes good.
One would need a male coupler as the houses have female ends.
yes
"I searched the Whirlpool site for this product but it doesn't specify. It is a generic hose to fit all ice makers...so that means 1/4"" x 1/4""."
"Yes....1/4"" x 1/4""."
to be sure, I dont know, but it is a top quality hook-up hose. I dont think it is, or they could not sell it as a ice maker line
A washer comes with a drain hose attached but not the hot/cold water hoses..
I suspect it would. It's a standard hose for a clothes washer. Unless your washer is very new and has a fancy hookup that I've never experienced. I've got it attached to a 2001 Maytag
"Generally the same all-over as your typical US garden hose and USA-standard GHT (""Garden Hose Thread"") metal fittings at the end, which have a 1""1&#8260;16 outer diameter on the threads. The ""L"" turn is the smallest diameter point because it comes from the inside diameter of the hose."
Yes. I have a steam dryer and these hoses are great!
I checked the entire package and it does not say exactly where it was manufactured, but for the 5 year warranty replacement you send them back to Bremen Indiana. They are of very good quality.
"The supply lines for a washer are the same size and fittings as one's garden hose. Also, a washer requires two lines: one for hot and another for cold water. A refrigerator ice maker requires a single 1/4"" copper or plastic line. Also, the fitting at the refrigerator requires a different type of connection. Go to Lowes or Home Depot and buy a specific kit for an ice makert. While there you can compare it to washer supply lines and the difference will be obvious."
No, they are just regular hoses, just better quality.
"This will fit any dryer that has a (standard) 4"" diameter vent pipe."
Yes. Absolutely.
No cutting. It is already in two pieces. It slides up and down and slide it apart for what ever length you need. My husband is a contractor and said it does not need taped if you don't want to tape it. Fits tight. Hope this answered your question.
"If you look at the layout of the pipe, it should be 18-20"" Center to Center and 24"" overall. This is per site: partselect.com and type in the model number. The grid is 1"" squares."
"Yes. You just have to trim the excess with tin snips. Seal the whole thing with aluminum tape before placing the two sides. It says 0-18"" because you can slide the two closer together but it doesn't mention the trimming involved. Mine works great!"
Yes, I do believe that it is center to center. I would double check, but it is installed and a little bit of a pain to take out and replace.
0-18. You should be fine
I'm sure it will. Mine is a Whirlpool, but I believe the holes are all standard size.
It will work - but not much extra space - depends how much of the connector pipe - the round opening you need to make a good connection with your vent in the wall - 3.5 inches total is a minimum - and 4 makes it a little easier to use. There are not many more options - it is worth a try
I am using this on a Maytag with a center vent. I had to trim the unit down to fit the needed 18 inches of space to cover. Once you trim the unit, I recommend using aluminum tape to seal the edges and side seams. Since I have installed this device, I have had no issues with my dryer taking too long to dry clothes.
I don't think you can. My Temp is off.
"When it's showing the time (not alarm time), press and hold ""Mode"" button. Now you can adjust time with ""ADJ"" button and move between time parameters with ""Mode"" button."
Mine has a button on the back under one of the legs of the stand.
There is a little black button beside the battery compartment, behind the stand. I think I had that problem once and hit it by mistake probably trying to take the battery out to stop the alarm, but then found it in the directions.
There isn't a back light. The display is large and easy to read in dim light. There is no mention of a warranty in the instruction sheet that came with the unit.
One AAA.
use a paper clip or pen tip and push in the small recessed button on the back by the batteries--it will toggle between F and C.
f/c is Fahrenheit / Celsius I believe
I was wondering the same thing. i bought FIVE of them, and they are all different. For example temp 72 72.5 73 72.8 or 74.2 similar within 8% on humidity, which to me is quite a difference. I let them sit in the same room for five days and they did get a little closer, within 5% of each other.
It is about 3 inchs by 4 inchs. with a depth of about half an inch. My clock doesn't keep time...The hours jumps all over the place. i dont recommend this unit.
There are two sizes it makes. The largest one is probably no more than 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch in length. Each cube has a opening at one end and is hollow. The cubes are more like hardened slush than regular ice cubes and do not last very long in a room temperature or even chilled liquid. The other end is rounded as are the sides except for the opening side which is flat. The holding basket for cubes made is directly over the water level compartment so the cubes are very watery and start to melt if not removed immediately. The basket in the water holding compartment directly under the door lid on top of the unit is not cooled except by the cubes that are made and put into the basket by the device. Taking the cubes out of the device and putting them in our freezer as they are made is a small task, but once in the freezer each individual cube freezes solid and to each other also due to their watery condition so you have to use a tool or pick to separate them from each other and any others that were already in the ice cube container in the freezer. I did not find any other brand that was very much better except very large devices used mostly by dinning places. This device works, but don't expect regular frozen cubes nor the ease of storing them very long as a normal freezer would store them.
No you don't. If it produces ice while out, the ice will just go down in the water.
"Its about 14"" tall x 24"" deep x 12 "" wide. It doesn't take up a lot of counter space but its amazing how quickly it makes ice and how much it makes. I highly recommend this item. If mine dies, I'm getting another one!"
"I'm guessing that it has a ""funny"" taste when you fired it up the first time? If so, it's because you didn't let it sit for 24 hours after you took it out of the box. During transit, if it's turned upside down or on it's side, the gear oils run everywhere. Letting it sit for twenty-four hours before starting keeps it from tasting awful. Otherwise, I use vinegar to clean mine out once a month. And I only use filtered water to make ice."
Yes.
I will not recommend this ice maker. Extremely loud and broke after 7 months
If out of warranty I would chunk it, else return for repair or replacement. These are great machines when they work. Clean water in, clean ice out. Would recommend buying extended warranty on these type ice makers. Our Koldfront was purchased as a spare for our SP brand which looks the same. However after going thru 4 SP brand units, each with a different failure in about 8 months, they issued a full refund. Today our 2nd Koldfront has failed after less than 6 months of use. Does not fill tray therefore makes very small ice. Will update later.
You don't ! Throw it in the trash and give this piece of crap company a bad rating. I have had 4 units go bad on me and they wouldn't do crap for me. When you buy a real unit make sure it does not look similar to this one . if it does its made by the same company. Good luck and happy holidays
No. We have used this product for the last eight months every day and had no problems with mold.
Good Afternoon, This item does have free shipping. I would close everything out and try to reorder this ice maker again. Sorry about this.
Yes it does. The damper is light and is wide open on my low setting and shuts perfectly. The only thing which took some time for me to get used to is the sound of rain drops hitting it are pretty loud! Maybe because It is only about a foot from the intake to the top.
Yea, be sure to seal roof from the inside from the gap between the two pipes
"the outside dimensions of model 636 roof vent are 9 1/4"" W X 11"" H. These are the flange dimensions."
"The Broan 634 has no round collar, just a square opening that can accomodate a variety of sized pipes. The Broan 634M does have a round collar and I believe it is 6"" in diameter."
there are two things. both are easy fixes and one fix is easier than the other. first, open your fridge drawers and see if they kindve come back. if they dont at all, then your problem is that the unit is too level. just get a pair of pliers or a wrench the correct size and twist the front feet of the unit higher than the back. if the doors swing back, then the unit can drain properly. if that isnt the case, then you have to clean two tubes found behind the unit. if you take off the large plate on the back of the unit, you'll find two white rubber tubes. make sure the fridge is unplugged for this. take those tubes and any assembly pieces out and wash them with hot soapy water. rinse them well. allow them to dry and reinsert them. those things clog every couple of years if there is a lot of sediment in your water. we have had to do both. we've had our fridge three and a half years and still love it. little maintenance, but overall nice. there is no drain cup to dump, and other than replacing the water filter every six months, it is pretty maintenance free. just make sure the front is higher than the back and clean your tubes every couple of years--esp if you have hard water in your area.
Call samsung
Froze up numerous times samsung returned full purchase price after 3 years....yea for samsung.....supposedly have corrected problem bought another brand when repurchased
All I can offer is that my Samsung fridge, dishwasher, and flat screen LCD TVs all had good features and performance... But bad quality control and dreadful, uncaring customer / warranty service Best option is to contact the Office of the President and see if they will do the right thing
"My frig shelf spacing is 7 1/4"" top of lower shelf to bottom of upper. With Coke cans it works perfect with no room to spare. Coors cans don't fit, too tall to load. Don't know about Bud, Pepsi or 7Up, all cans are different, Coke fits and works perfect. I've learned it's faster and easier to pull it out for reload. I bought this one for it's low profile and high reviews, personally I don't think you'll find one better."
I guess you could try to rig it in some way, but based on the wire frame setup, I would not recommend it. I don't think there's a great way to stack them.
No, you can't. I unfortunately just ordered it for that purpose, and the cans will not fall down through the back hole. The hole is only wide enough for a pop can. I am SO bummed. :-(
it isn't mounted...it just sits on the shelf....
Sorry...haven't tried any but think they would.
"It is listed right under ""Product Detail"" 16x5.6x4.9 inches!"
I wish!!
The top row rolls onto the bottom roll when a can is taken out. You only take the can out of the bottom row.
Unfortunately it's a bit over 16 inches deep.
I think the key is where you hand the outside monitor. If you hang it leaning against a surface (especially glass, vinyl siding, or anything metal), sunlight heating the area touching the monitor will affect the reading, usually causing an abnormal high reading. If you hang it free haning in windy, cool, shady place it will read cool. Always keep in mind that the monitor is accurately reflecting the temperature of it's immediate environment and not simply the outside temperature.
Three AA in the base unit, I forget what's in the remote sensor (probably one or two AA).
Check their web site www.acurite.com They do offer add on units but not sure if for this model.
We have not changed our batteries yet. It is rather new...from a June-July purchase. We don't look for this to be a problem. Had another brand and it wasn't a problem. This brand and unit was rated higher than our ten-year-old wireless weather temp. I just don't expect to be disappointed with this brand....
Press either of two buttons next to Centigrade/Fahrenhight button on back!
It is 6 inches tall, 3 and a half inches wide and 1 and a half inches deep.
"Nice size; Outdoor temp is 15/16"" with outdoor moisture percentage 5/8"". Indoor temp & moisture is 1/2."" I do hope this helps. We can read outdoor from across the room."
definitely not waterPROOF. resistant? maybe. just buy the thing, if it gets ruined it is cheap enough to chalk it up.
It's a remote sensor. You put it outside (see directions for placement) and it transmits the outside temperature and humidity to the display unit in the house.
Yes, both sections will, and can, attach to a wall.
There is a limited life time warranty on this unit. Do not tamper with it. Depending on how long you have had it and bought it from, you might be able to return it to that place of purchase. Its worth looking into. Otherwise you will have to go through Titan. Hope that this helps you
It works well for us. Hubby insalled it homself, and frankly he isn't as talented as he thinks when it comes to household repair. It's still going strong with minimal noise. I would recommend it. I don't know what others are saying about the disposal, but as a picky kinda cranky virgo perfectionist I have no complaints about it.
Disconnect the power source. Remove the sink insert and shine a flash light inside the unit. You should be able to sight the item that is jamming up your unit. Pu your hand inside if it is small enough and the power is disconnected and remove the item. If your hand will not fit you will have to improvised with a tool that will work to remove the item. I hope that this will assist you.
Yes
Hmmm....I think the cover is something that would come with your sink, not your disposal. I'm sure you could find a universal one at a hardware store.
Try this website: http://www.mrscrappy.com/Products-Replacement_Parts.html
Only from the company I think. I've been looking for the magnetic ring. Mine was broken when the company sent it to me and they would not send me a new one.
Yes. I had the Badger 500 for years until it finally gave out. The Titan fits in the same ring and has more power. the Titan is a great buy.
I don't think you can. Another reason not to buy cheap Chinese brands.
I never had to buy parts. It may be cheaper to buy new one.
This model is fitted and it is working as very well to use the washer machine. I hope this model will remain running until several years. I bought this model is so cheap, compared to the others, they are more expensive
Not sure. My model number is PAV2300AWW.
I recommend the plastic pump without the metal base.
I don't see why it won't. You may have to do some minor modification (drill new holes in bottom of washer or snip a piece of metal off the housing--doubt it though) that's honestly pretty easy though. Mines still working like a champ! And for the price can't beat it! Also I'd have some help you hold the washer while its tilted forward.
Not sure,go to youtube and put in washer drain pump and look for the one that looks like yours,thats what i did also showed me how to take it out and put it in..Good luck
no , You need part # 21002240
Yes , this will fit you model
I don't see that particular # in their site , but you can contact them (Seneca River Trading ) at 888-577-0622.
I wish I could answer your question, check your machine model and series number, it may be fitted. My machine is Whirlpool. Amazon will tell you what number of Drain Pump. Good luck
What i did was put my model number in on youtube and it showed the pump i needed and i went from there..hope this helps..
It should fit. I was not sure since my frig is 10 years old but my replacement worked like a charm
It did not work with a Kenmore Elite side by side quarter turn.
Not sure, but here is a link for your product. http://www.amazon.com/LG-5231JA2006A-Refrigerator-Water-Filter/dp/B0029CZQIS
If it has a quarter turn grille it should fit but just to make sure google it hope this helps you.
It fits mine but I do not know my model.
"According to ""FiltersFast"" (.com), I think the answer is No. Whirlpool Refrigerator Model GC5SHEXNS03 replacement part Whirlpool PUR 4396710 Filter Replaces Kenmore 9030 (4396710) Your model GC5SHEXNS03 uses the 4396710 Whirlpool PUR 4396710 Filter Replaces Kenmore 9030 The Whirlpool PUR 4396710 Filter Replaces Kenmore 9030 is the new and improved replacement water filter for Whirlpool side-by-side refrigerators with easy access through the front base grille push button access. SEARSPARTSDIRECT says your refrigerator is a ""side-by-side"" and also says ""No"". From the picture they provide it looks like your filter has two attachment points (""nipples""?) where the PUR you're asking about only has one. Can you get a replacement number off your existing filter (turn the water supply to the fridge OFF before removing the filter) or use it to compare to pictures to find online?"
I am not sure about your old one and the toe connectors. This one only has one end with a little gasket on it. It would not fit something that has two connectors. Sorry, I know that's not really helpful. Could you look up your fridge's model online to verify?
Edward: On the side of the box it says brands include, Whirlpool, Maytag, Kitchenaid, Amana, and Jenn-Air. I'm using it on a Kenmore Coldspot. I had been buying the Brita quarter turn filter at Sears so if you're fridge takes the quarter turn filter it should work.
Yea this filter is made in the USA.
"Are you asking if it fits this number? Not sure. I just know to look for a ""quarter turn"" filter of any brand."
"There are two models: Part 4396710 should not be used with refridgerators with ""Fast Fill"" or ""PUR Measure"" dispensers. If your fridge has these features you should purchase filter 4396841. And the only difference is that if you use the wrong filter, water might flow out slower than what you are used to. Not a big deal! The ONLY difference between those two filters is what model is appropriate for your fridge, otherwise the actual filtration quality between the two is the same."
This Whirlpool water filter is the best water filter available for Whirlpool side-by-side refrigerators with push button base grill access. The Whirlpool 4396710 is also known as the Kenmore PUR water filter and does not remove fluoride from your water. The 4396710 water filter is used as a replacement for cartridge T1RFWB2 in model T1WB2/TIWB2L. The Whirlpool T1RFKB1 is the same filter as Kenmore 469030. These filters are ALL the same as this filter PUR W10186667 Push-Button Refrigerator Water Filter! I have a friend who is a Sears technician so don't worry Heather it is the same!
I don't see that number anywhere on the filter. But it fits my Kitchen Aid fridge. However, on the box of the filter, it says that it is compatible with 4396710 and 4396841.
I also have a Kenmore fridge and it fits perfectly. Amazon has an amazing return process, so I suggest getting the filter and returning it off its not the right one. Thanks for asking!
It works great. Not sure about Kenmore II but we have a Kenmore Elite Side by Side and have been very pleased!
"if you purchase the w10186667 push button filter as I do,the length is 12"" the diameter tappers from top to bottom.Best measurement.....top about 2.75 at the widest point.Bottom about 2.0"" hope this helps."
That's the refrigerator I have.
Yes
No... not the package I bought.
Yes that's what we have &#128515;
There is no way of just looking at this and being able to tell the differance, you need to verify the PN# and machine effectivity by serial # to know if this is the correct part.
Worked on my gas dryer. I also bought a new ignitor (279311 @ $13.55) and fuse (3392519 @ $2.90) and replaced all three parts at once since I had the machine apart and did not know the cause of my no-heat problem. After replacing all three parts, dryer works.
Hi. This is the component that regulates your dryer's temperature. If the temperature gets too high (possible restricted vent, too much lint, etc.) the thermo fuse burns open thus stopping electrical current and the dryer.
No it's not but it worked just as good as the genuine part
it should
Yes
This is a Whirlpool/Sears product. I would suggest that if your dryer does not product heat and the coils are broken or damaged; you should google your model number looking for a parts listing. When you see the element they should provide a drawing of the various parts in this assembly. From what I have seen these are much a standard part. You might want to try this trick, if this is the only part you need to replace. This is some type of fuse to keep your dryer from overheating. Take it out and if you can test the leads, if you can. If not the top should be flat and yours may now be more domned. If this is the case throw in on a concrete floor three or four times. This causes the dome to flatten and if you did measure the ohms should see a change from negative to positive. Bottom line no need to replace this part, if this is all that is wrong.
I don't know, but you can usually cross reference to an FSP part number. They make most if the piece parts anyway.
Yes, if you are using an auto-dry cycle, such as Whirlpool's Miser-dry cycle as in the auto dry cycle when this thermostat cycles off, the power is redirected to the timer motor to advance the timer to the off position. There is no power to the timer motor until the thermostat cycles the heat off and then that power is directed to the timer motor. If your timer will not advance in timed and auto dry probably you have a bad timer or wire. If your timer will not advance in AUTO dry but will advance in timed dryer...problem is normally not your timer and in that case most likely this thermostat needs to be replaced, see: http://www.theapplianceclinic.com/autodry.html
Well I suppose it would depend on how you processed them. I would say 2 average size corpses whole, folded in half of course. If you quartered them you could probably up that to 4 as it would be easier to arrange. If you ground them up, like with a wood chipper or perhaps a Vita-mix, you could probably do 7 depending on how you packaged it. Which brings up an interesting point this product has 2 baskets and 1fixed devider but it could use more division. I am going to do something with possibly plywood to give me more seperation for meats, vegetables, meals ready to cook, etc...
Just like the other customer stated, I do not see a star rating either. But I have had mines since July 11, 2013; and I have not noticed an increase in my monthly electric bill. I followed the directions for setting the temperature; before adding any food; and have not touched the setting since. I have been really pleased with my freezer. I have mines in my car garage/basement, and the temperature in the summer, which was not very humid, did not appear to affect the freezer. The directions stated the basement is not recommended if your basement gets very humid. It runs quietly. The size is just right for me and my daughter to store quite a bit of items when I find a good sale on vegetables, meats, pizzas, microwave foods, etc. The small basket was great during the summer to store freeze pops for my daughter and her friend.
25 inches deep (top to bottom), 34 inches wide (side to side), 15 inches (front to back) there is a built in shelf starting 9 inches from the bottom on one side leaving 9 X 15 inches unusable
Yes, there are two wheels on it making it easy to slightly lift and move
I believe that it may be just 150watts...
It's just over 100 pounds. I couldn't lift it by myself into our basement.
You should probably call customer service to see where to get it repaired. Because mine runs super quiet.
I keep mine in the garage, but I've never noticed it getting warm or hot to the touch on the outside, admittedly. It always feels somewhat cool to the touch, even on hot days (I live south of the OBX, so every day is a hot, humid day).
Yes. The plug isn't a special kind. Mine is plugged in a regular outlet in my garage.
I live in northern Ohio, it goes below freezing regular in the winter. That is supposed to damage the compressor because the oil is cold and stiff and starts hard. I went on ebay and got a Temp controlled outlet for 15 bucks and a little (the smallest they had) stick-on oil pan heater. I sanded the paint off a little spot on the compressor and put it on. It comes on at 35 degrees F and goes off at 45. If you are going to have a freezer out in the cold I think you have to do this to keep from ruining the compressor. So far it's working OK, this freezer goes down to almost 0 F, so it's running at 15 degrees.
I'm not sure, but the way I did it was to contact my local appliance parts shop and ask them what item I would need to repair my washer and what the price would be. They were more than happy to help me out in this way. You just don't need to let them know you may buy elsewhere, and tell them you are hoping to be able to install it yourself.
I am really not sure... but what I did was contact my local appliance parts dealer and ask them to help you determine what parts are needed for repairing your dryer. I just explain it's an inquiry because I may try to repair it myself. They are usually happy to help you out.
This element does not look like the one that fits the NOSDE2606AYW. That one is more square shaped. According to another web site, the part number you need is: Part Number Y503978 (AP4294403). This part replaces 503978, 1246369, 14218929, 5-3978, AH2200820, EA2200820, PS2200820.
Sorry, don't know the resistance measurement
According to repairclinic.com the Jenn-Air JDE2000W heating element is manufacturer number LA-1044 which is the same as this one. Amazon also has an OEM part that replaces LA-1044 at http://www.amazon.com/Clothes-Heating-Original-Includes-Thermostat/dp/B00EBTVOTM/ref=sr_1_2?s=appliances&ie=UTF8&qid=1388530615&sr=1-2&keywords=heating+element+la+1044 that looks like the picture on repair clinic, but has 3 coils like this one instead of two like on the clinic site. You can find testing videos on repair clinic and how to replace vids on youtube.
I use this filter in line to my fridge icemaker. Suggest you try FILTERS FAST .COM FOR THE . ON FAUCET model and buy from Amazon.
Yes, the GXRLQ system can be used as a filter replacement/substitute for the GXRLQR.
Based on the model number you gave me, you have a newer French door standard sized refrigerator which should have a built-in filtering system, meaning you can change the filter from either the front of the unit or somewhere inside the interior. The filter I bought is for an EXTERNAL water line running to the back of my refrigerator. Totally different set up than you have. You have it nice and easy... you should be able to remove that filter and check the model number. But from what I've been able to tell, you can find the filter you need here on Amazon at http://www.amazon.com/Ge-Rpwf-Smartwater-Replacement-Filter/dp/B009PCI2JU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1396833453&sr=8-1&keywords=ge+rpwf+water+filter
Not sure exactly what GSWF means. Please clarify. Thank you.
I am sorry to read that you are having problems. Mine was very easy to install with a full turn. The placement of the filter at the beginning has to be right, then twist & lock; maybe you should try priming it in your sink. Good luck. It can also be defective.....
I have a model DE7500 - the filter is not the same as the original - but - Maytag designed a universal filter and it fits this model - or - works with this model - I am very happy with this replacement - remember that you can return the item if it's not to your liking - if you need a serial number here it is - i don't think this makes a difference but - 120047DD - did I mention thank I AM HAPPY WITH THIS ITEM - g
Most likely, its very close to being a universal piece
I wish I could answer that - I am only a customer - but it fit my dryer - I am happy still with this replacement filter - If I can answer any other questions about the model or shipping (excellent) feel free to contact me.
I really don't know by the model number. I just measured my old one and looked at the photos and it was the correct one. My dryer is 20 years old.
IDK. My model is different and works fine. Their support was great also
No
Looks like your dryer uses a different filter, try googling Maytag MED9800TQO lint filters for more info.
I went to the Maytag site to get the correct part number for my machine.
Go to Google and look under lint filter and you should find a company that will give you a match. I don't remember the company I used but there is more than one. Good luck.
I looked it up on a couple of different parts supply websites, it looks to be the correct filter for that model.
Not sure if it will fit yours but if it does replace it gently. The clip is fragile and can break easily. I did mine and it was a perfect fit.
Mine partially melted as well, but was still useable. I looked for the replacement wire, and could not find. Just had to work with what was left, and some electrical tape.
Thank you for contacting us! In order for us to assure you of the correct part, we would need you to provide us with the model number of your appliance. Once you do that, we can then better assist you.
This takes very little time to install, and is very easy, with a screw driver.
Some lid switches for Whirlpool are located on the right side of the washer under the lid. It is activated by a protrusion from the lid that fits in this hole when you close the lid to activate it. If you have this style,it is much different than the one you are asking about. The lid switch you are asking about,pictured,is located on the left rear of the top of cabinet,under the lid, and is activated by a bracket attached to the lid. If you have the left rear version, the pictured switch will work just fine.
Yes. According to the model number you gave it is a direct fit.
According to the online parts listing yes it should work.
Wish could help but I'm not sure what switch is in the series 90.
I couldn't figure out what serial # my Jenn-aire cooktop was, but decided to take a chance because the price of the drip pans was so reasonable, and it turned out to be a perfect fit!
My Jenn Air is 1981 and this one fits.
"AS it turns out, this pan does ""sorta"" fit my old drop-in Jenn-Air circa late 1970s and perhaps early 80s (or more). Note the rather large ""donut"" hole in the center: I placed some aluminum foil under the whole thing as well as over the hole. I think the original did not have the large hole. For my purposes, this one seems to work. However, I don't know which model your numbers (JES etc.) refer to... (My tenant had told me it did not fit (at all), which is what I reported to Amazon. Then I tried it with the above reservations. Hope this helps."
the ones I bought are 6 1/4 I do know the genric ones bought at home depot did not fit right and these did, if you have the model number of your range you can put it into google then get the part number from several sources and search the exact part number same way to assure it is the right fit
Just the one. I bought two of each size.
Sorry, but I have no idea. I just bought a new one when mine got messed up.
We ordered this lint screen and have no problem - good value and it works as well as the one the store wanted about three times as much for!
This one will work as well: http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-Screen-Filter-W10120998-3390721/dp/B001DHKDOW/ref=pd_sbs_la_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=02554ZYWTXMV4V9H0R6P
Go to this web site and find your dryer, it looks like there are 3 types, but what I can see it looks to be the same. I use this for a reference guide on all my appliances. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/search.aspx?model=wgd9450wu
If the description says it is compatible with your model number, then it is. My original too did not have the vertical bar going down the middle but it fits perfectly and works perfectly
I don't know as I don't have that model.
No
I would think it would work but I am not sure, sorry.
Yes, it really fits better than the original one on my dryer. I keep thinking I should buy another one, because I might not find this info should that one wear out. I am very pleased.
It fit my whirlpool duet perfectly. It was an exact replica of the original and seems to be better made.
my research indicates this will work
Frank's advice is the best. But if you can't make a definite link than I can tell you that my old part number was 3403585 and the Napco 279838 fit mine perfectly. I did a cursory look at your part and it appears to be like my and rated the same. The 279838 is listed in many places as the updated part for numerous units. I think you would be safe in using it. Be sure to clean the lint duct lines and do not touch the wire heating element when doing your replacement.
As with most all electrical components, there is no warranty. However, this item is easy to install. I've had mine now for over 2 months and it works fine. If it's the wrong part for your dryer, I'd think the seller would offer an exchange so long as you didn't install the element.
i just googled and it said yes.it is very easy to install
"Hello James, if the dryer is yours you could pretty much operate without an element (it will be cold only), but the question is ""Are you getting a strong air flow?"" I'm not going to tell you what to do before you buy it, but I'm going to tell what I did: I took the element out, I found the broken element, I twisted with a pliers and put it back the the broken element with twisted fix worked again for another another year. Now, elements usually break for the lack of cooling or air flow, so if you put a new element but nobody at home is removing the old lint, the new element is going to burn again. Use your hand and arm and make sure there is no blockage whatsoever inside the duct. Regarding model, before I purchased I went to several sites and found that they are very similar. I thank God, that the guy selling the element in this site, is not running a nuclear power plant, because it would have been smarter to take a picture of the element, than to take a picture of the box, right? At any rate, Amazon is very friendly with returns if it doesn't work you may have 30 days to return. I hope it helped, good luck!"
yes
Yes, 3403585 is the correct heater you need for your model
Yes, this will work on your model
This heating element fits most whirlpool dryers. Most of the time ot takes an less than an hour to replace the element. Hope this is helpful.
Yes, this will work on your model
It should work. Reuse the cooktop's connecting hardware. Be careful with outer insulating ring as it is fragile.
Yes, is the same factory as Kitchen Aid
Yes, it works fine
8 in. RR means it is the one on the right, rear.
Yes
I don't know the exact dimensions, but I will say this is not a very large refrigerator. It would be a nice size garage fridge if it cooled well. I tried 3 different units and none of them got any colder than about 43 degrees. Not cold enough to keep milk and eggs fresh, but more important I like my beer about 29-34 degrees. Not even close to those temps.
I do not know offhand, will check when I get home. The compartments are definitely separate freezer and refrigerator, it sounds like the one reviewer had a bad unit.
No idea. I've had mine for almost 3 years and have not had any trouble with it. I'd contact the vendor.
No ice maker.
No.
There is really no way to tell because the shape of the fitting that the knob goes on-you have to know what it is-like, my Whirlpool takes D shapes but going in only one direction, and the temp. knob and function have it going another way, and you cannot tell from the back of these knobs because they do not display the shape. I would further research if the parts are still available for your model, if they are discontinued, then Ange Appliance in LA MAY have them, as they rent out period ovens and appliances and stuff for TV shows and movie sets. I had to spend a bit with them to get the exact knobs to replace mine. The knobs aren't all interchangeable!!! You can go to OSH hardware-they sell a brand that comes with adapters. These pictured have no little adapters at all. The OSH ones did not work with our stove, but I was able to return them. Range knob replacement isn't as easy or as cheap as I thought it would be!
I don't know if they'll fit your particular model of Kenmore range, but I can say they fit our model of Kenmore range, so it's likely that they would fit another Kenmore range as well.
"Yes they will on that particular shape. Good job of describing the shaft! Fits the burners just perfect, however the oven ""selector"" knob has a different shape as does the replacement knob, but does not push all the way flush like the others. Hardly noticeable and works just fine. Recommend purchasing plus there are duplicates of the oven knobs. Price is right too."
yes
As it states in the description: Includes 4 Surface Knobs Includes 3 Selector Knobs Includes 2 Oven Thermostat Knobs
Actually, the knobs did not fit my stove. I had to just throw them away.
"They expect a D shaft. I cannot tell you the direction the flat of the D faces because we have gotten a new stove since then. The knobs were a quick stop-gap for ""something half broken but free at the time""."
They did not fit mine. They are on there but slightly off kilter.
"I don't know if these will fit your model, but they didn't fit mine, and I had to buy the ""real"" ones that cost $14 each (I was selling the house and it was either that or replace the range, so I was kind of stuck). If yours have the little red tip on the dial, then search part number 3150373."
They are black.
I just push the one button that read clean and it locks the door and goes into the cleaning process and when done the door will unlock, hope this help
I do not think that there is anything you can do but replace it; however, our house cleaner pointed out that the element is very close to the surface where it connects and she suggested propping up the element so the distance is greater because anything that connects the element to the inside of the stove will burn off the end of the element.
my husband still hasn't put it in after me asking him over and over...
It's on the back of your unit. It may have a serial number for each color your unit comes in. use the serial number for the appropriate model
I looked it up, but could not see where this one was a match? Does not mean it won't work. My suggestion is to turn off the power and remove the old element and take it to your local appliance store and they should be able to find you a good match. Most of the differences are how the element power wires attach to the element. Those have to be a match or it could short out inside the unit walls and then it goes down hill from there!
I do not know. I checked with my oven maker website and Home Depot to find out if this was the element I needed.
RepairClinic.com $30.94. Sears.com $36.24. Google this P/N 316075104. try Amazon too. This part exact fit.
Your oven appears to use a different element. It lists p/n 316203200 with a substitute, p/n 316199900 as being acceptable. This Amazon part is p/n 5303051519. Check the dimensions, wattage, and connection method of your existing element and you may be able to find a replacement here on Amazon.
It fit mine the screen is the same but the handle isnt as long do it sits further in but works great
Thank you for your question. This is the best part. Please let us know if you have any questions. Best regards,
I don't know... I just went with my gut feeling and it looked like it would fit mine and it did. I did measure, and they do give the measurements on the product page. I'm sorry if this wasn't much help. I hope it works for you. :)
Yes, William, I checked the Sears parts website and this will fit your machine. JCM
My records show LPE5510W0 is a refrigerator number. Sorry, maybe you can verify.
yes - handle is built in.
Daniel: This site recommends a W10717210 for a WED5100VQ0: http://www.repairclinic.com/PartDetail/b5p8/Whirlpool-Dryer-Lint-Filter/W10717210/3379136?modelNumber=WED5100VQ0&ss=a8b5d697009&mr=1 Amazon has the W10717210: http://www.amazon.com/Kenmore-W10717210-Original-Genuine-Overall/dp/B00P9F6TJ2/ref=sr_1_1?s=hi&ie=UTF8&qid=1431480793&sr=1-1&keywords=W10717210 Hope this helps.
Measure the old ultimate care II filter you want to replace. If it is about 20.2 inches long, about 8.2 inches wide, and 1.8 inches deep, this 339392 is the right one.
"Lint Screen Filter 339392 has dimensions of 20.2"" x 8.2"" x 1.8"" inches. \ According to Appliance Zone, what you need is a Clothes Dryer Lint Screen - 8558463, which is 22.5"" x 8.75"" x 2.5"" http://www.appliancezone.com/ShowProduct.aspx?ID=1371"
Yes, it has the handle, but this unit is JUNK. Pick another brand, or look for OEM. If you pay double at another supplier you would be better off. I opened the package and it was already bent up. Wrote Amazon and the shipper and never got satisfaction. Beware !
"It is 14"" tall, 16"" in diameter at the base. The top step is 11.5"" in diameter."
It sure does. It's great.
I bought mine thru amazon.com and it's the only place I know of where you can get one.
This one should work. In my searches to verify my answer on Google, I am led to believe that the two parts are the same.
Yes it will but I wouldn't recommend buying this product. Min went out after 5 minutes and I was back to square one. Didn't even worry about sending back for refund cause it wouldn't be worth it
Yes. Body oils will cause uneven heating and premature failure.
I couldnt honestly tell you not sure in the slightest sorry
On ovens that use electric ignitors (instead of a pilot light), these ignitor heat up and glow bright yellow and ignite the gas. They are almost so bright you can't look at them. Look for yours underneath the oven where the gas is, turn it on and if yours is orange or dim it needs to be replaced. When the ignitor is on, the gas flows based on the amount of electrical resistance, if yours is failing, the current isn't strong enough so the gas doesn't open fully. This can cause no ignition or extremely slow preheat.
I'm not sure it fits my Frigidaire Model FGF366ECA perfectly
Depends i did much research with no definative answer aside from dismantling my oven and lookin for comparisons and it seemed to match by looks,once purchased and installed in my oven it seems to work a little too well certain items cook faster then others mainly relating to baking cookies and items lf that nature everything else seems to be just fine but it kinda cooks a slight bit faster
Very likely. Many appliance brands are actually made by a few manufacturers, and they use common components to save cost.....the same gas valves, burners, igniters, etc. Best is to look up the actual part number and check compatibility. Second best is to remove your oven floor pan and visually match it to the product photographs. Be sure to unplug the range first.....120 volts is present at all times in a number of designs. Good luck....
Don't know--not an appliance expert. Often many different brands use the same parts. If you can get at the ignitor and compare to picture, that should tell you something. Also see if you can find part replacement catalog to get a replacement part number.
I put this in my Tappen oven and it worked just fine using the original screws. The old (20+years) igniter had a longer ceramic piece. The new ignitor has a shorter ceramic piece. There was no Molex connector and yu are supposed to use the ceramic wire-nuts. The wire is covered in heat-resistant and seems just fine. I may pack some heat resistant ceramic wool in the ignitor back wall opening where the wires go back in the oven but I have not yet. That probably is an overkill. The only difference is that I did NOT use the ceramic wire nuts provided. I have the tools to disassemble the old Molex connector and install it on the new ignitor with new connector pins.
Yes, this is exact replacement for front or side-mounted maker and also comes with new harness (harness's have a thermistor built-in to one wire and only takes extra couple minutes to change. Very basic change-out with only Philip's screwdriver. if unit is mounted at front of freezer you don't need the supplied shut off wire. I explained changeout over phone to a friend. Cost $45 or so, appliance man will charge 3 to 4 hundred dollars. Hope this helps.
I'm not sure. Since it's a Kenmore, the best thing to do is to search the website sears parts direct dot com and see which icemaker part matches your model. If the part number matches the part number of this product (W10122502 & 2198597), then it should work. Hope this helps and happy new year!
Not sure, replacement for a galaxy icemaker? Does it look like this unit? Seems that there is really only a few actual different ice makers on older units so if it looks like yours, I think you will be good.
Yes.
if this one looks like the one you are replacing then yes it is a match up. it is a little tricky to install but doable.
it worked with my Kenmore side by side but do some more checking there are some web sites you can check the model number and it will show you the right part you need.
I'm not sure. Our refrigerator is not a kenmore elite. I believe these ice makers were used in a lot of whirlpool and kenmore refrigerators for several years. You should ask the seller to be sure it fits.
It fit in our Kenmore side by side, I don't know if it a cold spot.
Most of the sellers give you models that are comparable. If not some have phone #'s and are glad to help. Youtube video's are a must, better than the directions that come with the unit... Type in your model # and alot of them come up on Amazon. I had no problems thru Amazon..
There are several different ice makers for kenmore refrigerators. If you use the correct replacement, it is fairly easy to replace. If you decide to buy a kit, make sure it is an installation kit and not a replacement kit
Yes, this will work on your model . Connecting to home water Line is a different set of parts
First of all...what is the problem? Are the valves not turning on and off, or is the water just not flowing to the icemaker. My problem was both. Since the water dispenser was working, I 'tested' the old icemaker valve by disconnecting the water dispenser valve's electrical clip and attached it to the icemaker connection. Then pushing the water dispenser lever on the front of the refrigerator I got no water flow and knew the icemaker valve was faulty. Once I replaced the valves and reconnected the water lines, still no water was going to the icemaker. I disconnected the ice water line and tried to blow air through it. Blow hard as there may be water still in the line. I couldn't get air to pass through. Turned out the water line also was frozen on top of the freezer. I unscrewed and removed the icemaker cover to get access to the black water dispensing tube. Usuing a stiff wire and hair drier for about 15 minutes I was finally able to melt the ice in the water supply tube. Problem also could be the electronic control board. If you need to check if that is the problem, set icemaker to ON and pour about a cup of water into the ice cube tray. You should have a set of ice cubes form and ejected within an hour. As for instructions, there are lots of great how-to-videos on YouTube. I think I used this one... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAYsVrm2IEg
probably. you need to look at yours and a picture of the new one. If valves are on same sides your good to go. there are some extra fittings with it to help you out. I had to move mine around a bit to fit , but it works fine. about a 30 min, job
Part number for Water supply connection is PT25
Thank you for the inquiry. Sorry but your model number does not contain enough numbers so we are unable to answer the question. Kenmore numbers a usually 10 digits followed by a letter.
Yes , this will replace that part number
yes, This will work on your model
Yes, this will work on your model
Yes, this will replace 2315534
Hi. This is for both water and ice
The part is about 8 inches long. We were having the problem of water in the crisper drawers. We saw a video on youtube that showed how to place a wire from the heater coil down to the drain and this seems to have helped. There are lots of video's on youtube that address this problem. Apparently it's quite commom with the samsung refrigerator. We have only had ours 18 months so we are very disappointed.
I am not 100% sure but I think these do fit across different models.
on some occasions,if it will reach and if its purpose is exactly the same as the old one
"Hi, I am not a refrigeration technician, but I know a thing or two about this thermister. The answer is ""NO,"" failure of this thermister will not cause the fridge to not start or the relay not to click. All this is is a sensor that tells the contro board when the cooling element is all frosted up and needs to be defrosted so that the control board sends a signal to the switch that turns the defroster element to start the defrost cycle. If your fridge does not start and the relay does not click it would likely be the main control board. It is very common for these boards to go out on these fridges. Hope that was helpful."
I'm pretty sure the part I received was the replacement 131763202. It fit perfectly and installed in less than 5 minutes.
Yes it fits and was an easy fix
I don't know if this will work for your particular washer but when i needed this part I called Frigidarie at 1800-3744432 and they were very nice and extremely helpful with the part and telling me the closest place where I could go buy it locally. Some of the part numbers have changed so it is hard to tell if ordering on line. Hope this helps you!
You dont want to base it on the model # of the washer, but the number on the part instead. If you pull it out from the face plate, you will see a part number near the connection points. The item description in the amazon listing will show what part numbers this will replace.
Hi I got this latch for my washer. It's very easy to install & works perfectly.
Amazon #131763245 has my 2006 Frigidaire Front Load Washer Model #GLTF2940ES working like brand new. Look up a few you-tube sites, very helpful for installation.
Don't want to say yes, but that's exactly what mine was doing and I purchased the lock latch assembly and I'm back to washing clothes!
I am so sorry I can not tell from the picture and it was a long time ago. But the latch I ordered did fit
It looks like the one I installed Not sure of the #s Pretty easy to do
Sorry it has been about six months since I actually repaired that machine. The customer serivce department was helpful when I was searching for this part though. Mr. Nelson....I will say that I remember finding a part that looked and seemed almost identical....but it was not! I apologize I could not be more help. Josh Phone: 1 (800) 374-4432 Monday - Saturday 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. (EST) Mail: Frigidaire 2715 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30909
It does not have a back side, it is for the lower shelves.
The one I purchased was 16 in from outside edge to edge. Hope this helps
No
Yes, they do!
I dont know
It fit my frigidair. I found I have two kinds of bins in my fridge. but yes it fit it was one of the two kinds to fit my fridge.
"I'm not sure. I do know that these parts are not entirely universal but are similar. My friend (an appliance tech) had to modify this part to mount it in our fridge because in the image online it looked similar to the part we needed but wasn't an exact match. He just so happened to have the pieces to modify it and make it work. Sorry I don't have a ""yes"" or ""no"" answer. Hope this helps."
I'm not sure, I think it will. I used the evaporator fan on a kenmore and its been working since. You may want to google search to make sure, that's what I did.
Yes it will you will have to modify the cables and terminals but it works perfect nice and smooth
I'm not sure, mine is a lot bigger. I did get this to work with a little modification to the mounting. Check fan blade size, voltage, amp draw, and mounting to get a better idea about yours.
Sorry not sure. Bought it for my brother in law to put in. Works like a charm though.
Yes this motor will work for your fridge, this is a sub part number replacing the older fan motor that was prone to failure you should be good to go.. Any questions feel free to email me at jpwehrli@hotmail.com thanks.
Good question, I bought one for my dryer but did not ask who makes them. I will say I have had no issues with it since I installed it but would recommend you buy a blower wheel if you are buying a motor as the wheel usually has to be broken off.
It worked in my dryer...probably because I was shipped the correct part.
"I purchased one from Senica River Trading, and their warranty was to ""file a claim against the shipping company!"" Despite them misrepresenting the motor, and me paying for the return shipping, they then claimed it was ""lost or damaged"" in shipping back to them, and wanted me to file a claim against the shipper. MY OPINION IS TO STAY AWAY FROM SENECA RIVER TRADING!"
It worked for about 2 weeks (6 loads) and then the motor finally quit and I bought a new dryer. It was just easier than fining the parts, waiting for them and then installing them. Hope this helps
I'm not sure of the dimensions but I know it was smaller then the one the dryer came with but was the right part as all the holes for the screws/bolts lined up perfectly
The element has nothing to do with a dryer being to hot. You need to check the thermostats and the air flow. I would check the exhaust dust first to make sure it is open. Any restriction in the exhaust duct will restrict air flow and cause a dryer to overheat. Another symptom of duct problems will be long drying time and very hot, sometime steaming, clothes.
Yes, this will work on your model
Yes..works perfect! Just like having a new dryer!!
it sure does...as the heating element are basically all the same components
I would say yes, but I am NOT a trained electrician.
Yes.
Yes it is compatible
You look for part list in your User's manual or call Amana Company customer support with the model number to find out what replacement kit is recommended. They can give manufacturer part number or verify if a certain part number will fit the model. For example kit 61927 was recommended for my model. Thanks
Go to samsungparts.com and look up the part number for your fridge that's what I did and it fit.
Yes
Yes it work.
two screws hold it in the front. Remove the screws pull forward and then unplug electrical plug. Reverse the order to put back together. I have replaced mine icemaker every 24 months since we owned the refrigerator very poor design.
I don't know, But I do know one thing I would NEVER buy a Samsumg product and I tell everybody that will listen how much Samsung is JUNK.
yes like I answer before it fit perfect and it works good.
Yes
I'm not sure about your freezer / ice maker. All I can tell you is my new ice maker was an exact replacement even though it has different part number. Good luck.
It worked great and easy to install on my rs267lbsh xaa. I would guess it would on that one.
No
"Did you run a couple of quarts of water through the water dispenser to get the water flowing? If you did, try turning the ice maker off, then back on. Check that the hanging wire in the ice basket is free & hanging down (sensor that tells it that the ice container is full uses that wire). Pull the ice container out then slide it back in - there is a wire on the back of the ice basket that goes into a ""trigger"" mechanism that dumps the ice - if it isn't in place, the ice maker thinks that there is no container."
This fit exactly as exact replacement of the original that was installed in our refrigerator which has french doors. In and out very easy.
You have to manually reset it. On my fridge you have to hold a button down until it turns off.
do not know this model, but the manual gives the specs of the filter it takes.
I ordered the wrong model
That's a question to ask the manufacturer. Generally if it looks the same it should fit. They don't make different models of the filter that would look similar. Fortunately with Amazon.com you can return it (for a small fee). There is alway Home Depot too.
1. Your REFRIGERATORS should give you a signal like yellow then RED light that when you will need to replace it. 2. if your ice maker stop making ice, that the sign of replace the filter.
Vent hole is to prevent mildew problems.
No
Dear Robin, I found your baffle at www.repairclinic.com. Just enter the model number that you are displaying and it will pop up and is cheaper than mine was. Mine is an older model so it won't fit yours. Installation was difficult on mine and I had to get a professional. Have a nice day. Suzan
No idea it fit perfect
If you go to Sears Parts Direct and enter the LXR7244JT2 model number, you get a picture of the washer and a breakdown of all the parts. You can see that the part number for the lid switch is 3949247. Typing that into the Amazon search line yields the following: http://www.amazon.com/Washing-Machine-Switch-Whirlpool-3949247/dp/B001DPXZBM. The part is available for $4.89. (compared to 28.98 at Sears) I was somewhat reluctant to buy because the price was so inexpensive, but because I knew I could easily return it to Amazon, I bought it. I installed it is just a few minutes and it works perfectly. If you don't know how to gain access to the switch, go to www.youtube.com and follow the instructions for repairing a whirlpool washer. (Just remove a couple of screws and the whole front of the washer folds forward). Good Luck
It appears that it should fit ok. You can also check on 'searspartsdirect.com' for many parts and confirmation. Many times I will first go to sears and get that part number and check on Amazon. But check out the people selling on Amazon also.
The question is whether it will work long at all. Mine only lasted 3 weeks. I'd go for another part if I were you.
There's a couple video's on the WEB tat show how you how. Basicily you need to remove the washer's control panel at the top back of the washer, usually w/ a couple screws holding it down, you need to lean over the washer - way back to get a good view of them, tip the control unit back and you'll see two sping clips, release them with a scredriver. Then tip the metal tub surround of the machine forward, off the frame and you'll be able to access the switch which is under the lid and help on by a couple clips. Replace the switch and revers the order of the above and ur good to go.
YES, THIS FITS ON YOUR MODEL.
I don't think so. This is a lid switch and it looks like your Roaper needs a lid latch Part#W10404050 Good Luck
"lsr6332kq?"" You can go on partselect and check your model no. Is missing a 0 or 1 at the end yes this part fit."
No it will not. You will need lid switch 8318084 Whirlpool is Sears but no reason to pay the sears direct price when we have Amazon http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-number/Whirlpool-Parts/Washer-Parts/8318084/0026/110/Model-LSR8010PQ2/1198/0153200?keySuffixId=&pathTaken=partSearch&pathRender=modelComponent&documentCompId=W0512326&diagramPageId=00001&productTypeId=&searchModelNumber=LSR8010PQ2&subCompDesc=Top%20and%20cabinet%20parts&brandDesc=WHIRLPOOL&modelDesc=RESIDENTIAL%20WASHERS&blt=11&shdMod=&keyId=11
I think this is a different part, based on a brief search. Your best bet is to look at either your owner manual for the part number or go to Sears Parts Direct and find the part number by entering your washer model and choosing the correct diagram. Then look for the cheapest price of that part number. Hope this helps.
You have to look for your model in the back of the wm and get serial number , model, etc, and look i Safari the part and brand of your wm, they will tell you exactly the one you need... then look for it on Amazon !
Yes!
Sorry. That number doesn't come up anywhere. How about giving me the dryer make and model #. Thanks, M
According to the manufacturer, heater element Y303404 is compatible with DE612
Yes. Same as Whirlpool Y303404
No. You need part number PS2200246. Available on eBay for about $30.
Yes
Hi Anthony, Sorry, that element you are looking at will work for MANY Maytag dryers from the early to late 80's. The MDE9700AYW is a model year 2005-2007 dryer. It has a totally different style of heater. T'care, Mike
240Volts
Yes this will work on your model dryer
Yes it is. This same heating element pulled up when I ran your model #, it is the same part #.
Hello, I can only tell you that my Kenmore dryer model number is M87661100 & the serial number is M63202527.....and it fit my dryer exactly like the one that was there when we bought it.............
Fit like a glove
It looks like it would to me (although I have never owned a Roper) but they look the same......if I ever have to buy another one though, I will buy at store and not on-line....white plastic handle part was damaged, had to repair myself and from the other reviews, more complaints about damage to shipped item....would rather spend more at local store and actually see what buying......
Has a white handle.
Not sure, but if you search your dryer online it will give you the exact part number you need for a replacement that is how I found out which one I needed! :)
No
Yes
"It fit ""ok""....had to bend the screen a bit to make it a bit shorter.....was just a tiny bit long, but then it fit...."
I have no idea, I have a Kenmore dryer
yes, it should work nicely.
I can't remember if it did, but it is very simple. Pull down the coupler, remove the metal snap ring, then take apart. Put back together the same way. Worked like a champ. :)
It comes with 4
We gave up replacing these parts. The chips break too easily. Instead we cut the original coupler off and replaced it with a coupler that uses ball bearing. We attached it to the existing in/output hoses with plumbers tape & hose clamps!
If it's a portable one then yes there all the same for the most part
You might check the faucet adapted, there is a long and a short one.
It is a washer to keep the seal tight around the faucet and to prevent leaks. It goes below the four white prongs on the inside of the piece that you took all the parts out of/off of. One side has sort of a groove in it. That side goes down. You can insert after assembly, just make sure it slides in nicely and doesn't get crooked.
This part was basically useless! I ended up getting the whole hose assembly!
mine does not have a white o ring. in the picture it shows a silver c ring. it is supposed to have the gap and is made that way. is your dishwasher a whirlpool?
Ok this kit is a repair /rebuild kit for. the unicoupler found on portable dish washer. So i asume you are asking if the UNICOUPLER will work. To answer all kitchen faucets i know of have threads on the end. You must unthread the areator from the faucet end. small ring with a screen inside. THEN you thread on an ADAPTOR for the unicoupler to connect to. You can get the adaptor at hardware store wallmart or amazon. Then the unicoupler connects to the adaptor by pulling the spring collor down and pushing it on. very easy. The adaptor is cheap. A few dollors. Oh and this kit is for Whirlpool dishwashers like mine. Hope this answer helps.
Maytag is own by Whirlpool.This kit is cheap enough to try it.That's what I did. The kit had every thing I needed and it stop my leak. Plus it a lot cheaper than a new fill and drain hose. and a easy install.
I would be weary of buying this item even if the seller says that it fits. It was supposed to fit my dishwasher and while it did fit - it burned a hole through the bottom of my dishwasher!!!
my model number for the dishwasher is GU1200XTL82....You can search your dishwasher model and see it will fit it.
No replacement rubber
"Short answer, no. After disconnecting the d/w water and electrical, then removing it from the cabinet and inverting the d/w, there are 1/4"" fast-ons that are ""unplugged."" Then remove the plastic ""nuts"" to remove the heating element. Reverse the process to install. Customer ease of install I would put at 4 out of 5 difficulty."
I do not know.
I'm not a 100% sure if it's oem, but I have not had any issues with it melting to the bottom. My old one blistered through and this one has worked great for us. Did a prong or some other tab that keeps the heating element from touching the bottom melt off?
i bought that to fit our whirlpool gold dishwasher i have no idea if it fits a kenmore
Doing a quick check with Google, this element should work. Whirlpool makes some of the Kenmore line for Sears and this heating element goes by about 5 different part numbers depending on the year.
Yes, according to Sears Parts Direct this element is the heater for this appliance.
Maybe it's just a difrant part # ? That's how mine was I would google it to make sure.
you will need two of them.
Yes, it will work fine the duets have the same bolt pattern for attachment.
Yes
"I don't know. It has multiple holes for mounting. One set will probably work. Really have to level well or the washer will ""walk"""
It looks like the ones we bought but I'm not expert. So I would say yes
"I really have no idea. It does put the washer and Reyes at a good height but leveling so it won't ""walk"" is a challenge"
Anything will fit anything it just depends upon how mechanically inclined you are, I made my own brackets and used the pedestal for a completely different model and have had zero issues, my advice with you is that if you are not in the know buy the exact model for your unit. The unit is listed @ 26.2 X 27 inch the 15 1/2 inch height is irrelevant just the length and width A Maytag 5000 series checks in @ 27 X 32 9/16 Those dimensions are quite different so I am going to say no it won't work.
Yes and I have a brand new one for sale!!!
Yes you can, my pedestal didn't exactly fit my unit and I simply drilled a few holes and utilized a few self tapping sheet metal screws. I also made 4 tabs bent at 90 degree angles out of some scrap steel tabs for added strength. It has never moved and the washer sits perfectly level upon the base. My washer is just as heavy as any stack combo set.
Yes...that's the combo I have
It cannot re circulate air. My husband ducted it back since we had it on an outside wall. It can be ducted back or up. We love the hood. Works great for us and looks a lot more expensive than it was.
No, it needs a duct to the outside
"We just measured and it is exactly 35 & 7/8."" Hope this helps."
There is only low & high. On low, the sound is fairly quiet, on high somewhat loud but not offensive.
Yes it is and works great for the money
Yes....it can be vented either from the top or the back!
"This cap does work with 3"" duct. It comes with a reducer to go from the 4"" cap to 3"" duct. You will still need a hole in the wall to fit the 4"" cap into."
Yes -- if the existing round duct has a corrugated end made for slipping into another 4 inch duct -- like the 885BL has when the 4-to-3 inch converter ring is removed. (Your existing duct should slide into the Broan pipe). If your 4 inch duct has a straight end, should buy a 4 inch connector that has the corrugated edge on both ends. Good idea to seal the connection with duct tape.
Here is the specs. http://www.broan.com/common/productDigitalAssethandler.ashx?id=ac3ec879-f59e-4b88-9553-f5adcb49ab4f
Hi Wendy. I have that wall cap right here. Yes, behind the flapper is a steel mesh. -Matt
"Andy, I just build a home and looked at Broan's selection of ""Wall Caps"" as they call them. There's a Broan Wall Caps Specification Sheet out on the web in PDF. For the 885 Wall Cap it cites: ""Do not use for dryer venting"" this has a spring loaded back draft damper and probably concluded that torque would not allow the flap to open all the way for free flow of exhaust/dryer lint. In short, it's better to be safe from possible Fire Hazard by using a dryer rated exhaust vent. I used this for bath exhaust venting. Instead, I ordered (via Amazon) the 4"" Stainless Steel Stucco Mount Hooded Dryer/Exhaust Vent w/Damper by Copperlab."
Mine is direct wired into the wall
No you'll be fine
Ducting seperate.
Yes it's stainless steel
The bulbs are NOT included. Per the manual this hood uses 2 50W GUI0 - MR16 lamps that are not included.
the motor yes - the ducting FROM the unit no
Yes
Yes, it has 2 lights at right front and left front.
No. It's designed to be vented.
Yes it can be installed with the recirculating kit that's how mine is installed
approximately 3 feet.
Hi Carole or Charles, the power cord kit works very well. However, you do not need it for the kitchen hood installation as my electrician wired it directly into the electricial outlet. He re-wired it once I got the power cord kit, but it was not necessary for the kitchen hood to work.
The black wire is the hot wire and the white is the neutral.The green is the ground
Hi I used it on my whirlpool and it works great so it should work with other brands as well
I bought this seal and it is junk. It is not OEM and will not seal.
I first looked for the refrigerators make and model, then I looked for the makers parts diagram and from there I was able to find the right fit.
Hi , I ordered and installed the seal for my frig with no real issues. I did need to let the seal seat on the door for about a day, I mean seat as far as making sure the door shut properly. After 24 hours the door shut properly by its self and I no longer had to push it closed.
No it will not. It is for a side by side door. From what I have found it appears the one for your model is no longer available.
I've had mine since 2009, and it has never smelled. There are some tub cleaning products you can use, and I have heard that running it on sanitize with some electric dishwasher detergent works as well. Might want to try running it empty with a couple of cups of baking soda on the sanitize cycle and see. That is good practice for all washers annually just to clean the accumulations on the outside of the tub.
A water jet should come on during the last rinse cycle and push the softener.
Not yet everything working fine
Hi DR....The washer has 22-44 min. cycles. You can choose the water level for very small washes as well. 2 wash/rinse each. Hope this helped...I love this unit.
IIRC, there's a lint filter that you'd have to manually empty after the wash.
That's exactly what I'm doing. I adjust water temperature manually.
yes it does propel the load less vigorously. only draw back be careful not to overload we tryed two wash 2 queen sheets and 4 pillow cases at once and the sheets did not come clean. went back and washed one sheet and no problem. we are using it in an rv (limited space)
Is it easy to hookup to the kitchen faucet?
Each piece is separate, but there is a similar dryer, and I've seen some sort of rack online that lets you put the dryer over the washer.
No, not yet. It's only been a few months since purchase. I do add an extra spin cycle at the end to drain excess water. Otherwise, I'm pretty happy with the purchase and I do about four to six loads per week.
Drain the water from the hose into a cup or container, by lowering the hose close to floor level and catching all that drains out first. It may take several lowerings due to back bubbling, but around 22 ounces will come out. The attached dry hose can be looped onto the basin between uses. Make sense?
I only had mine for 15 months before it stopped spinning. It wasn't old enough to turn yellow before I had to discard it!
It is a hard white plastic. I've had it for a year and a half and the tub shows no signs of wear and tear yet.
"No. Not nearly those dimensions. I don't have one in front of me, but more like 5"" by 6"". These are for small outdoor faucets that protrude from under that house. These clamp over the faucet to keep out the cold."
Works fine on our vinyl siding, there's foam around the base to compensate. It's not a perfect seal, mind you, but it works well enough.
The one that we installed for a customer and client, as far as I know they have not had any issues at all with theirs! There faucet also is a frost free unit as well!
It fits over literally any size single outdoor faucet as it is pretty large. Mine has always fit had them over many years...
The ine I have It a cord you attach and pull tight with a small clamp. It is a Year or more old. ...
It worked all last winter for us. That is, none of our outside pipes burst. The temperature got down to the 20s for an extended period. So far they have worked this year with even colder temperatures. But, I have no reason to think that the pipes would have burst without them.
Burner BTU (min/max) Left Front Burner: 10,000 BTU Left Rear Burner: 10,000 BTU Center Burner: N/A Right Rear Burner: 5,500 BTU Right Front Burner: 16,000 BTU Total BTUs Natural Gas: 41,500 Total BTUs LP: 38,700
I often make spaghetti and also brown rice. Both require a nice even simmer and I have no problem with this cooktop. We are very pleased with this appliance
Yes it does!!! Cook top works great!!!
Yes Jenny...It does
Ceramic.
No downdraft. I previously had a Thermador and a Jenn-Air, both with downdrafts. On each, the downdraft was useless and I stopped trying to use it. You really need an updraft hood. In addition, the Jenn-Air was incredibly junky and I was glad to see it go. The Bosch is terrific.
"Not sure what you mean by ""cable""but, I hook it up to natural gas, I did have to purchase a flexible yellow supply gas line that it does not come with. Did not have to install a separate regulator."
No
Light to medium spills are easy to clean. Hard boil overs will take some elbow grease. It is real stainless.
Mine does not. My experience with two other downdrafts (Thermador and Jenn-Aire) has been that they are worthless. All noise and no pull. The only solution is to install a separate updraft hood.
Continuous
Dear Doug, If you purchase the conversion kit model #NEZ1054 you can convert the unit to use LP. Thank You
Hi - I beleive it is some kind of ceramic/iron cast - definetely not glass. So far we are very happy with it. My only concern it that I thought it would be easier to clean. If you drop anything on the surface wipe it off right away before the stain gets to old. I don't want to scubb the surface because I am afraid to scratch it but the stain don't come off that easily - I've yet to find the right product to clean it. Days we do heavy cooking I usually cover the surface with aluminium foil. Hope this helps - let me know if you have any other questions.
Should be no issue with install in laminate. As for clearance. Mine is installed fairly close to side wall which is covered in ceramic tile (see uploaded picture). As with any stove, the material covering the wall needs to be non-combustible. I haven't had any issues, but I try to be mindful that things are in close proximity.
Hello Glenn, no, the unit does NOT have a cover.
I don't think so. I am using it on laminated countertop and don't see any effect on the countertop. So should be OK on the wood too.
Hello, this is gas and I use it in my home. The plug in is under the unit and it work really well. It had the highest BTUs in this category. I hope this helps. E. Anderson
You can convert it. Go to a gas appliance place and buy the kit and they will tell you how to convert. A RV dealer might be a good place to do this.
Hi Kim, it's ETL approved, not CSA. Thx.
not really required for this stove
Yes it can.
No. Just simple stove.
I wouldn't allow it to get wet. U have your electronic ignition that would get messed up. No exposure to the weather.
Meagan, The downdraft on the GE rangetop has handled anything we needed it to. We do not have a hood and don't intend to get one. Pat
They are stainless to match the outer trim/border. Perhaps plastic underneath, but very heavy feel and excellent look.
Contractor could not use old parts. Had to get new parts for installation. Parts were not expensive. Approximately 100.00
no - the downdraft extraction fan won't install over a dishwasher
It should go outside the house.
Very loud.
Well you would want your granite to be cut to fit whatever downdraft stove you get. If you get the range first they will just cut the granite to fit your range.
I replaced a 1983 era Jenn Aire with this one. I had to cut a little bit more of my shelf space inside my cabinet for the blower and duct work to make it fit just because everything didn't align up EXACTLY the same but it was damn close.
26 1/3
No as the down draft will restrict the use of this cooktop over an oven.
The worst dishwasher made on the planet. Replaced it twice in 26 months then was told by L.G. that it wasn't made to last forever....
Mine does the same thing.
It could be that there's a crack in the tub itself. If you're seeing it leak from the front, that could be the fan that is in the door. Ours had to be replaced after 3 months of buying it. If it's still under warranty, call the store and have it checked out. I hope this was somewhat helpful.
That's not actually a problem. The face of the dishes need to angle down slightly for the spray to hit them to free any stuck food.
I do not think so. Go to Jenn-air's site and check to see if it will work.
Call Jen Air, they were very helpful
"Martha says, ""Yes"". As we studied the one we bought recently vs. the original we think that is the correct answer. Martha is happy to have 4 heaters instead of 2 and a grill."
I suspect what you are seeing and asking about is that if you turn the burners on high and just watch them, they glow red quickly but then seem to turn off and on instead of staying bright red and this is different than you are used to on the old-fashioned type of burner. Stoves are automatic systems that turn the electric current on and off as needed to keep the burner at a desired temperature. They don't adjust the amount of electricity applied to the burner...they turn on the power full-blast or completely off. A sensor monitors the temperature and turns the power on if it is too low or turns it off if it is too high. The radiant cook top is a special kind of element that can get VERY hot VERY fast (much faster than the old kind). The temperature sensor is near the element below the glass and the element gets hotter than the hottest setting quickly and turns of the power even though the pot of food above the glass is still not super hot. So you will see the burner get red then go off several times before your food finishes cooking. This is normal. Even though it seems like it would get hot faster if it just stayed on continuously, that would actually be bad because the element would overheat and burn out. Old style burners do the same thing, but you don't notice it as much because they take longer to cool down and stop glowing red so it seems like they are always on when you set them to high (but they aren't). The same thing that makes them stay red longer, also makes them take longer to get hot so if the new element was made to be a lot slower to heat up, it would seem to stay red and it would work like the old kind (but it would take longer to cook your food).
Look carefully at the pin placement- how it plugs in to your stove and the wattage of the unit. Also the size of the opening for the replacement- seems to me the sizing was not correctly listed by the manufacturer.
"6"" AND 8"" BURNERS. 13"" pot"
negative, mine does not.
Yes
In the black cartridge the specks on silver. The specks in the white cartridge are black.
Yes
This is simply a steel braided hose that replaces the rubber hoses often found on washers. The fact that it is stronger and less apt to burst, it can avoid a flood in your home.
Item is 96 inches long (8 feet), so it is accurate as listed.
The package contains one hose.
To my experience yes.
"As far as I know all North American washing machines use a standard 3/4"" Garden hose fitting."
"Yes Benda ""i.d."" refers to inside diameter. The hoses are flexible. Most people use them for connecting the water spigots behind a washer so they won't burst and flood your laundry room. They are quite flexible. I don't think they would fail if flexed a lot every day, but they are metal and would probably eventually have problems. If you're talking about being able to use them with the same flexibility as a rubber washer supply hose they are pretty close."
Given that it's stainless steel it should not rust outdoors. It's made of braided metal material. If this won't hold up I'm not sure what would. It may be remotely possible that if you keep water pressure on and the temperature drops well below freezing you might have a bulge, I just don't know. I can't think it would breach under about any circumstances. I use these for my washer connection because I don't want to have to turn on and turn off my water supply to my washing machine. Hasn't failed me yet.
They say lead free on each hose
"Yes, these hoses are used to fill the washing machine with hot or cold water. They are sometimes referred to as ""Fill Hoses""."
Yes it will! Under the features arrow, your item model number is listed below. It is compatible for your appliance.
The whole piece came-- not just the coil. Also- the bag with the part in it had a label that said Samsung but I can not swear it was OEM.
Hello, We are showing that this is the correct part for the model number given. If you have any questions please feel free to respond. Thanks, Trevor
Yes, it is listed for that model number.
Yes, this part is listed for the model number you provided! Thank you for checking with us, and please let me know if you have any questions! Thank you, Brittany A
Good afternoon, This is the correct part for the model number provided. Please, let us know if you have any other questions. Angie S.
I apologize, this is not the correct element listed for your model number. The heating element listed for your model is Whirlpool part # 8544771.
This is listed for the model number provided. :) Angie S.
Yes, this part number is listed for model number DV337AEGXAA.
Good evening, I apologize, but that is not a valid model number. There should be something between the last 3 and the aer. Angie S.
Yes.
I don't know what metal they are made of but, I bought them over a year ago, we have them in a garage where the humidity level is very high and we could no longer use traditional particle board peg boards. So far no rust and we like the item.
Yes it will. I have a magnetic parts dish that I store on there.
Yes, individual black panels can be purchased here http://www.amazon.com/Wall-Control-Pegboard-Black-Metal/dp/B00ALYYFXI/ref=sr_1_24?ie=UTF8&qid=1408016796&sr=8-24&keywords=wall+control+black+pegboard however they are currently not eligible for Amazon Prime or free shipping.
In my opinion, this product will NOT work. It is basically, black metal peg board. The wholes in the board will not make it suitable for what I believe you are looking for.
Yes.
I would say probably not. It is pretty thick metal. Not sure what tool you would need to cut this. Plus the edges are folded under behind each unit. You would ruin the edging.
Yes.
Hi Leif, Yes the shelves in this Daby freezer can be moved and removed entirely. Thanks Melanie with Geodekers 888-768-1710
No. It needs to be periodically defrosted. I have had mine for a little over a year and it is about time.
I'm pretty sure there was some kind of warranty on the freezer, but given the lack of working properly even before it stopped working all together, we elected to just return it to the dealer instead of trying for a warranty repair.
Hi Carol, Yes the door opens from the Left side to the Right side in the front. There is no visible handle like on an average refrigerator, it is a hidden handle at the top on the left side. It is indented so you can pull it out. Also, with no handle sticking out...then no one can walk into the handle or get their clothes caught on it. The Danby has a nice top that is strong and can be used as a shelf if needed. It cleans easily too! The Danby DUF408WE is a wonderful freezer and it is Totally Silent when running! When you open the door it has a suction effect and the motor makes a low hum. After you close the door, you can feel and see the door suction inward as it makes it air tight. The Danby is really the best freezer I have ever owned. The Danby is one of the best decisions I ever made! (Hmmm...of course the Best decision I ever made was when I met my wife and we both knew we were Soul Mates for life!) If you choose this model freezer you will not be disappointed. Hope this review helps you? Best regards ~ Marc
It's a great freezer, we have ours now for nearly 3 years. But yes, it has to be defrosted from time to time. I used it to store breast milk and later homemade baby food. Thus it was opened/closed multiple times throughout the day. Each time new air and moisture enters they will be frozen.
not if you put something down to soak up the water
Probably not lying flat - certainly not in a tray. It could probably fit if you stood it up vertically with shelves removed.
"Hi Mr. Butterfield, My wife and I have our Danby Freezer in a small room in our apartment in NYC. The Danby DUF408WE Freezer is constructed so well that there seems to be no reason why it would not do perfectly well in a garage. If I had a garage, I would put the Danby Freezer in it too. Also, the Freezer is Silent when it is on! It makes a very low noise after you open the door and close it, that it sounds like it is making it airtight. The Danby Freezer has heavy duty plastic sliders that move smoothly when pushing the Freezer on a floor, they also adjust in height if a floor is a little off balanced. I feel the sliders on the Danby Freezer would not move easily on a dry cement floor, unless it was painted to a durable and smooth finish. Therefore, I would protect the floor that you put the freezer on from dry cement, corrosion and dampness. I would set the Danby Freezer on top of a 1/4"" inch thick Plexiglass plastic flooring or something similar. The Danby Freezer is easy to clean and defrosts rather quickly. You can place a small one inch tall long baking pan set on the floor with the door open and any water draining out can be caught in the pan. There are no ice chunks forming inside the Freezer either. It just has a frosty coating or snowy look around the walls and elements inside the Freezer that melt off the interior when it is defrosting. The Danby DUF408WE Freezer is the Best Freezer I ever had! You will not be disappointed. Best regards and Happy Holidays for the New Year! ~ Marc"
Dear Elke, The price on amazon includes shipping. Thank You
"We have two of the Danby's (one in AZ and one in WI) my wife rules the house and she says she keeps it at ""0"" or slightly less. That's all I can tell you, sorry."
I have frozen cheese in the past - never lactose free - cheese. I would probably check with the cheese manufacturer & check with them. The cheese I have frozen in the past will come out of the freezer & be quite crumbly - so it can be hidden in Mac & cheese ....but for sliced or snacks - I can't really give you an absolute answer. Do love rage freezer though...
You might want to search for an appropriately sized stainless steel food service table to put it on. You should be able to easily find a product that will take the weight of a freezer filled with food and some ice. I have used SS prep tables for years and they are quite sturdy. Look around, you could start here: https://www.google.com/search?q=stainless+steel+tables&rlz=1C1FLDB_enUS562US569&espv=2&es_sm=93&tbm=isch&imgil=tzzjKecmi5M5oM%253A%253Bhttps%253A%252F%252Fencrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com%252Fimages%253Fq%253Dtbn%253AANd9GcSRM4CewqRWg-7DeqFKlZ3Kb9skqI7MFgpj92FdOSzEJ7pYXfpUHQ%253B3000%253B1999%253BYCPncMnxj9vAeM%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fqcstorage.net%25252For-equipment%25252Fstainless-tables%25252F&source=iu&usg=__HdWm8SbAxguekFP0teSooI6ocac%3D&sa=X&ei=51ohU-mCPcaErQHPjYDoDg&ved=0CHMQ9QEwBg#facrc=_&imgdii=tzzjKecmi5M5oM%3A%3BVK70-sIR1FG3FM%3BtzzjKecmi5M5oM%3A&imgrc=tzzjKecmi5M5oM%253A%3BYCPncMnxj9vAeM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fqcstorage.net%252Fwp-content%252Fuploads%252F2012%252F01%252FIMG_5051-e1332194123112.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fqcstorage.net%252For-equipment%252Fstainless-tables%252F%3B3000%3B1999 It may be pricey but it will be worth it. Make sure you indicate to sales people what you intend to do.
23.6 x 24.6 x 36.1 inches Fits nicely under a counter and is quiet.
If your dryer is one of these models it should fit.......DV209AEW, DV218AEB, DV409AEW, DV419AEU, DV431AEP. Be sure and buy a spare, Samsung dryer belts are good for about 3 years.
Drier belts have different sizes and length. The samsung drier belt is made specifically for it. Kenmore has a different serial # which you can get on their web site then check in amazon if available.
Yes, if you can move drum by had the belt is off or broken.
I have model #DV409AEW/XAA and it worked perfectly. I'm really not sure about your model but if it does, I definitely recommend the time it takes for you to change it yourself. It took time to change it out but worth the savings of getting someone else to do it. Good luck and sorry I don't know about your model.
Inside door of your machine locate model # and search for belt replacement I'm not a dryer repair man.
"5/8"" x 3/8"" slots"
Mine is more of an ivory/off white color. I don't remember being offered a choice of color.
The dimensions given for the product are accurate. The bottom width is 3 1/2 inches wide. The center basket at the top is exactly 4 inches wide and the basket is just under 19 inches long. I have a Kenmore and am not familiar with the Frigidaire. I hope this helps. I am very happy with this basket.
I don't know the stock # but I replaced it and it works great-- more sturdy than the original
I have a Kenmore Elite dishwasher. Don't have the model number handy. Silverware basket is working out great.
Yes. They're just held in with little prongs
Not sure as it fits in side of my dishwasher. U probably need to check ur model type for the correct basket to fit urs as that is what we did and worked great.
"I can't seem to find your model # on-line to compare. My rack sits on bottom right. Do the dimensions work with your dishwasher 19"" x 3.5""? My gut feeling is it would work."
"18.5"" x 4.5"" x 8"" tall. If this is too long, the two end baskets can be removed and they are about 5"" long each. Hope that helps!"
It is an Aqua Pure Plus cartridge filter that fits inside the fridge compartment. Lasts about 6 months and cost around $39.00 on Amazon. If you are considering this fridge I would look elsewhere. It is not well designed, bins donot open wide enough for large objects and are difficult to clean. Stress cracking is occuring on plastic shelving. Company is not pleasant to deal with
It stays lit always. a blue color is good it will gradually turn red to replace filter. The appliance service man told me he just resets his and gets twice as much time out of the filter and the water is fine. I tried it and he is right! So I only replace the filter every other time. The light doesn't mean the filter is used up it's just on a cycle. I really like this refrigerator I hope you are happy with yours.
I can not give the refrigerator a good review. Our's broke after 6 months and it had to be rebuilt from the compressor, main board and temperature sensor. Samsung would not do a simple replacement. It took three months to repair while we had twin newborns (1 month olds) and lived out of coolers. I had to rent refrigerator the last moth. To add insult to injury the repairman damaged both doors with dents and said it would be about $300 for each door to replace. I can go on. We also purchased the Samsung dishwasher which broke at least 3 times before we replaced it. Motor kept blowing out.
No problems with display yet!
Yes. We use that in Europe. 220v. The device was bought here at Amazon.
It needs to be plugged in
Does not do.
That functionality is called 'data logging' and it is NOT available with the TIM10 model. Check co2meter.com under data loggers to view models with this specific functionality.
not this model I believe this co does have one that does. One thing to know about his unit is it can not be used in a lights out environment.
Yes on both counts :).
As long as it reads 300 to 400 outside it gives me confidence that it is fairly accurate. And it Alway has stayed in that margin outside. In a dark room you can see the infa red pulse every few seconds and seam to adjust corispodingly. Hope that helps.
Sensors are inside the unit
You can use it in the house or outside in a green house. Includes a 110/240V Wall adapter.
According to user manual, it operates from 5 to 80% humidity (avoid water condensation). I think if water gets in it's gone :-( Note that the 'famous Colorado' plant should not be kept in high humidities, and you need a dehumidifier.
"No, I had to purchase an adaptor at HomeDepot, and once fitting it on, it really took up the small vertical space I had to deal with. I gave feedback to GE on this poor design, but received no reply. I actually ended up with an adaptor, then a couple of 6"" duct-elbows and put aluminum flex-hose between the two elbows. Not the best approach to use flex, but I was out of options and space!"
this model is 220-single phase electric.Details sometimes cover many models
I had to change the vent duct in the cabinet
"If you do a Bing or Google search for ""manual GE PP989DNBB"" you'll find the Installation Guide, as well as, a Quick Specs and Use/Care Guide."
Hi Barbara, you would need to look for a double-burner griddle pan or a double-burner grill pan. They are a rectangle shape and fit over both the burners and the bridge elements. Several brands make them: cuisinart, analon, all-clad.
"28 7/8"" x 20 5/8"" and they suggest a minimum of 1 7/8"" from the front edge of the countertop."
The downdraft fan and duct assy. is probably extends between 12 and 18 inches below the level of the counter. Our house has a duct that goes under the floor and out of the house. If you already have a hood, you don't need a downdraft cook top.
I had a Jenn-air as well, and there were some issues because the old unit was wider by two inches and so the hole in the countertop was too big. I had to get a stainless steel support piece custom-fabricated to fit in the countertop opening. But past that, it hooked up fine and is working great.
Please refer to the installation instructions provided- it is about 10 pages long and contains very explicit directions and failure to comply with all stated directions will void the manufacture warranty. Melanie with Goedeker
Nope
This unit is actually made by Rangaire Manufacturing of Texas. Call their excellent customer service at 1-800-325-8351, provide your model number and they will take care of you.
Both our cabinets fit as designed, but we did have to notch out a stud or two. If you fail to notch the studs to accommodate the cabinet it won't fit correctly. Our mirror/door is about a half inch away from the wall allowing for easy access.
1/2 inch
Yes. Call Nutone and they wll send you the shelves and adjustment clips
"Looks like it was designed to go between standard 16"" OC construction. On box label, Wall opening: 14w x 34h x 3-1/2d"
That would be impossible to answer without knowing the inside diameter of the hose on your portable air conditioner.
I have not installed it yet, however I see to real problems. I plan to use this only on my bathroom exhaust fan only. I hope this helps
It IS physically possible to couple any number of these flexible hoses together; I have done so. For each coupling, you will need a round collar, about four inches outside diameter, and two hose clamps to hold each hose to the collar. I've found these items at Home Depot; probably any store that carries irrigation/sprinkler parts would have them. For the collar, I used a THREE inch coupler, designed to couple two pieces of three inch (interior diameter) sprinkler line together, fitting over the outside of the two pieces of sprinkler line. However, you should seriously consider whether how long a hose line will work in your application. Best wishes!
This product allows light into it, no doubt about it. It is just thin plastic sheet stretched over a wire coil.
Feet.
The odor slowly fades away. We installed it in an enclosed compartment and the odor was gone within 30 days.
"The inside diameter is 4"", so the outside diameter is about 4.125"", making the circumference about 12.95"" (2*pi*r)."
"20 5/8"" x 28 7/8. According to the instructions. There is enough of a lip on the cooktop for slightly different. Great cooktop very pleased with our purchase."
"You should be able to connect up to an existing duct which undoubtedly will pass thorough the base of your cabinet. If its 6 in diameter vent pipe (most likely) you will need a transition from the rectangular blower on this cooktop to the round duct and perhaps and adjustable angle. Just make sure you have about 15"" to 20"" of clearance to allow for the transition to the round duct. Its a relatively simple connection, but may require a few pipe parts to make the turn and reconnect to your existing pipe (depending upon where it is in the cabinet. Hope this helps."
According to the manual - Yes.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! The black version of this is the PGP989DNBB. We do offer this model. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's
It's not too bad to clean - the same to clean as normal gas burners in my opinion
The surface is glass. I enjoy using the stove.
Dear Amanda, it is preferred to have it installed professional but there are instruction on how to install it yourself. The cost to have it installed may very from install. If you have any questions can you please call 1-888-768-1710.
Natural gas but can be converted to LP.
"Ge shows Cutout Depth: 20 5/8"" Melanie with Goedekers"
The grates are all level
They are pie weights. They are used to keep the pie crust from puffing up in the middle and shrinking among other things. They are used when baking a single crust to fill it later.
Yes, they can.they are made of fabric; no metal pieces. Love these, but wish they came in colors. The natural color fabric dirties rather quickly.
It will keep you from burning yourself but I still use a glove or pot holder to be sure.
I don't believe so as they slip on the oven rack themselves. I believe they are merely a protection to keep you from burning yourself
doesn't sound like a good idea: they are very flexible and I wouldn't cut if I could avoid it.
"Mine measures a little over 12.5"" long...Hope this is helpful..."
I've experienced a burned guard, but have not had flakes fall off. When it was burned, I put in washing machine to clean. Stain was still there but it was definitely useable....
I have, my broiler is at the top of my oven. Makes no difference, have had it up to 500. There is a smell to the holders, but I'm sure whatsoever you're cooking will overpower any other oder. It's somerhing with the material.
Mine have not. Just love them. Keeps our forearms and wrists clear of hot racks. Cooking burns are not a good way to start the holidays...sigh.
12.5 inches long.
Here is my best guess. I would imagine that it can be trimmed but I would take it to a sheet metal shop where they would have the proper tools to trim it to size without putting any bends or creases in it. This piece comes with finished edges and you would have to keep in mind that if you trim it in any way, that you are cutting off one or more of the finished edges. Personally; I don't think I would try to trim it myself for fear of damaging or destroying the piece. I hope this is of some help to you. A sheet metal shop wouldn't charge you much, if anything, to trim it for you.
I believe it is 1/10th. It is pretty thin. Not sure it would withstand an object falling and causing a dent. It has little hooks at top to hang it on the wall. Hope that helps.
It is brushed. I suppose the reason they do this is so that any little defects that would show up in a shiny piece won't be as noticeable with brushed. Hope this helps. P.S. It's still pretty shiny.
All edges are factory quality. I only bought one so I can't say if the size of each separate piece would be exactly the same. It would appear they would be though.
Yes it is. Just checked it with my cooking timer.
Yes, it could be installed over tile by using plenty of thin double sided tape or by caulking (or putting adhesive on the back). The sheet is reasonably thin, so as long as you don't try to secure it at only the 4 corners it should look ok.
I think it's a stainless steel. It's been great for me. It's thin and could be cut easily if needed. It looks great as the back splash behind my stove.
Yes magnets stick to this material
Nope u have to go to a hardware store and buy them!
"If you had scrolled down you would have seen where it said, 24"" X30"" X 0.1"""
They come precalibrated from factory. I use and sell them all the time. I compare them side by side and they are pretty close. You can also buy calibrating solution in different PPM depending on what your measuring. I use 800ppm for watermakers.
No just recalibrate TDs meter and recheck with straight tap water no filteration
I would review the instructions at www.tdsmeter.com/calibration_maintenance.html and contact the vendor.
No it does not do degrees Fahrenheit. It is Celsius. It can be easily converted by doing an online search for the specific readout for Celsius converted to Fahrenheit. I have found this unit to be very accurate as I have two different models and the readouts are the same. Hope this helps. :)
Yes i use it as a backup for my bluelab dipstick, plus this one tells you the temp the bluelab dipstick dont.
It reads up to 10k PPM. Anything above that needs a specialty meter. It's mostly used for monitoring drinking water and testing Desalinators etc.
It depends on how hard your water is. I've been using mine for about 6 months and should be changing it soon. And I have pretty hard water! This has worked wonders for us!
I never had any logos on any of my filters or replacement parts.
I purchased the filtration system a little over a year ago because of sediment stopping up my fisher wash and leaving the white chalky residue. I can happily say that I have not had any problems since installing it. The sediment was stopping up the water lines and ruining the dishwasher. I also stopped using the dishwasher drying aids.
It is the same filter housing many other companies use. I bought some by searching RV water filter. Found them by accident when I was actually looking for a filter for my RV
No
Yes it does!
Yes, per the description it appears to be a fit.
My refrigerator IS a side-by-side, although from Sears. Works fine.
It doesn't say on the box but it should replace part numbers 4392857, 2203220, 4396163, 4396547, WF-NL240V, WF-L400V, WF-NL300, WF-L500, WF-L400, WF-NL240, 4396548, 4396508, 4396547, 4396918, W10186668, NLC240V, LC400V, NL240V, L400V, QTSS, 2398700802. Whirlpool Part Numbers: 4396508P, 4396508, 4392857, 4392857R, 4396918, 4396562, 4396563, 2200203, 2203220, 2203980, 2305766, 2305767, 2305768, 2255518, 2186444, PWF-NL240V, PNL240V, WF-NL240V, WFNL240V, NL240V, WF-NL240, WFNL240, NL240, WF-NL300, WFNL300, NL300, PWF-L400V, PL400V, WF-L400V, WFL400V, L400V, WF-L400, WFL400, L400, WF-L500, WFL500, L500, WF-300BR Sears For Kenmore Part Numbers: 46-9902, 469902, 9902, 9902P, 04609902000, 46-9908, 469908, 9908, 9908P, 04609908000. Your mileage may vary.
That is what we have and it is fine. As long as the model number for the cartridge is the same it should not make a difference what model refrigerator.
http://www.amazon.com/WF-NLC240V-KitchenAid-Thermador-Compatible-Refrigerator/dp/B005LPIJES An Amazon search of your part number returns the above part. Why didn't you do this search?
Sorry, I just bought exactly the model the fridge had in it, can't help you.
"They are exactly the same water filter. It's just that the WSW-2 comes with a little tube of oil for the rubber ""o"" ring which isn't really needed all that much. I always get the one that's least expensive - sometimes it's the WSW-1 and sometimes it's the WSW-2."
Hello, All Water Sentinel filters Thrifty sells are brand new. There may be price differences from various retailers as they have their own pricing strategies. Keep in mind all water sentinel filters come with a 90 day warranty and are all made in the USA. They are carry the NSF rating as well so rest assured, you are getting a high quality replacement water filter at roughly a 40% savings. Thank you for your question!
I cannot verify it will work with your Kenmore fridge, but I would suggest removing your old filter and measuring the dimensions of it and comparing to the product detail dimensions of this filter. If they are the same, it will most likely work. I have used these filters quite a bit in my Frigidaire, and they are just as good as the expensive ones by Pur and significantly cheaper.
"No. they are 6"" and 8"". I would be surprised to see a stove with a burner under 6"" though. :-)"
They are a standard size. Of your stove is standard, they should fit.
I am not certain, I have a GE stove (electric) and they fit fine.
No
Yes, it has 3 slots!!
Stork, the product is excellent, however, you will receive only 2- six inch pans, and 2-eight inch pans. You might want to check your local home depot or Loews home good stores first. Otherwise, you will have to purchase 2- four pack sets. Not worth the extra money. And Chrome is better. I hope this helps.
I ordered the whole set and am not aware of any other option. Based on my experience, I would recommend enamelled bowls. Chromed bowls are very difficult to clean. I would also recommend to buy brand specific bowls (even if they are more expensive), not universal. It took me some efforts to adjust bowls to my Whirlpool range.
I am sorry I do not know what a thermador is. My stove is a Whirlpool.
Wish I could answer but I don't know.
Unfortunately this item is only sold as a 4 pack, so I wouldn't be able to add a single additional knob. I apologize for any inconvenience.
unfortunately, no.
I don't know, because my stove is a mix of different brand parts, but they fit a variety of sizes & shapes. Does yours have little posts when you pull the knob off? These have a variety of inserts - with different sizes & shapes of hole and only one will fit your stove's knob. You push that insert into the knob to adapt the knob. I think the only caution is to look at the photo of the knobs to be sure the numbers go in the right direction - the same as your stove - so low & high will be in the right place and not the reverse. The numbers on my old ones were worn off, so I had to figure it out by moving them.
What's the question?
"I don't know, I bought them for my (30) year old residential range & they didn't work at all, because the plastic valve connection adapters below the dials are too short to reach the actual valve stem. If you need some thing longer than 1"", for a good solid connection, forget it. They were a disappointment to me. Hope this helps. Mike"
They are very cheaply made.
"I'm not familiar with the Thermador. Whether or not these ""universal"" knobs will work depends upon the length of your current phenolic (plastic) knob shaft below the indicator dial face. Pull the whole dial knob off & measure the length of the dial shaft (below the dial face) that connects to the mating portion of the valve operating stem below your cook-top. If that (plastic) shaft is longer than about 3/4"", it probably won't work. I have a Chambers cook top with phenolic dial shafts that are 1-1/4"" long. This didn't work for me, everything was too short. This is frustrating, I could sketch up a view of what I'm trying to explain in (30) seconds, but that's not possible in this format. Hope this helps, good luck. Mike"
Honestly, I'm not sure. My package came with adapters that varied. Look closely at your posts that hold the knows and the should work if the pattern matches.
"1.75""...but, they don't fit a stem with a narrow top and a wider bottom, if that makes sense."
Unfortunately this item is only sold as a 4 pack, so I wouldn't be able to add a single additional knob. I apologize for any inconvenience.
unfortunately, no.
I don't know, because my stove is a mix of different brand parts, but they fit a variety of sizes & shapes. Does yours have little posts when you pull the knob off? These have a variety of inserts - with different sizes & shapes of hole and only one will fit your stove's knob. You push that insert into the knob to adapt the knob. I think the only caution is to look at the photo of the knobs to be sure the numbers go in the right direction - the same as your stove - so low & high will be in the right place and not the reverse. The numbers on my old ones were worn off, so I had to figure it out by moving them.
What's the question?
"I don't know, I bought them for my (30) year old residential range & they didn't work at all, because the plastic valve connection adapters below the dials are too short to reach the actual valve stem. If you need some thing longer than 1"", for a good solid connection, forget it. They were a disappointment to me. Hope this helps. Mike"
They are very cheaply made.
"I'm not familiar with the Thermador. Whether or not these ""universal"" knobs will work depends upon the length of your current phenolic (plastic) knob shaft below the indicator dial face. Pull the whole dial knob off & measure the length of the dial shaft (below the dial face) that connects to the mating portion of the valve operating stem below your cook-top. If that (plastic) shaft is longer than about 3/4"", it probably won't work. I have a Chambers cook top with phenolic dial shafts that are 1-1/4"" long. This didn't work for me, everything was too short. This is frustrating, I could sketch up a view of what I'm trying to explain in (30) seconds, but that's not possible in this format. Hope this helps, good luck. Mike"
Honestly, I'm not sure. My package came with adapters that varied. Look closely at your posts that hold the knows and the should work if the pattern matches.
"1.75""...but, they don't fit a stem with a narrow top and a wider bottom, if that makes sense."
"I have no idea but would ""Google"" search the web for that. That is how I found mine and there was a description of the one I wanted giving size which what I expect is the difference."
X4
One
No they look the same but are different. The fan switch is a normally open switch and the light switch is normally closed switch. You will need to look for the specific fan switch part #7014651 Sub Zero Refrigerator Fan Icemaker Switch or another switch which is referenced as campatible like the ES18805.
Yes, fits the older model Subzero
It worked in my 1993 model 590. If your switch looks the same as the one in the photo, then I'd say give it a try. It's less than five bucks with free shipping so it's a pretty low-risk purchase, especially compared to the price of a service call (in my experience).
Yes
Looking at a similar question on this item (http://amzn.to/1IdMKuT) it appears that the fan switch is NOT the same as the light switch. The light turns on when the door is open but the fan turns off when the door is open.
Yes. Works great.
In my view, replacement is your best bet. the cost of the light switch is low, replacement is easy. Unless your fridge is not old, I would just replace the switch if you start tinkering with it. I initially tried all kinds of alternative solutions (pushing up, down, to the side etc) but replacement has been the answer. My fridge (Subzero) was close to 20 years old when I replaced the light switch last year.
Jim, it might. what I'd do is remove this switch and have someone check it with a VOM (volt/ohm meter). If the switch is bad (it was in mine) chances are good it will cure your problem. Five bucks to save a $100+ service call is worth testing it. Good luck, Ed
Yes. It should.
sorry i didnt use for a refrigerator ,its cheap and have nothing to lose, dont fit return it.mine was for a project and work great.
"I believe the unit you have is a kind of ""universal"" one. I used it in my Maytag fridge but I am not at that home so I am unable to tell you the model # R"
If it is in an icemaker model that fits in your frig and is not one that has water dispenser in door. Probably. Usually the supplier will recommend the one for the one you are ordering. . your picture looks just like the one I used and it was so simple to install. Your old one should have a model number on it.
Yes cross reference model number on sears parts direct.com
Yes, I believe so.
according to https://www.partstore.com/Model/Electrolux/Frigidaire/FDEB23RGS2.aspx it looks like it should work.
Yes
I think it will fit. It has to be strung thru all the insulator rings and can be challenging to install. For some it is easier to replace the whole rear heater shroud with the new element already installed in it.
Not sure if it fits Frigidaire AEQ8000CFSO. The quality is excellent. I put it in 3 years ago and no problems. Relatively easy to install.
I couldn't find your model #, could you mean GLER642AS3 ? If so, it appears that you need Frigidaire # 5300622034. If you did make a model # mistake, then you have chosen the right part #. The following link will show you the drawing and parts list: http://www.appliancepartspros.com/cabinet-drum-parts-for-frigidaire-gler642as3.html
Yes
It should, wasn't too hard to put in either just make sure you space it evenly. Mine works like a charm now, but I also replaced the drum bearing so it's like new now. Only other things that can go bad now are the motor, belt, and tensioner. Hope this helps.
Check out the terminals. If they are the same as the old ones it should work fine.
Yes
Yes. It is a common heating coil. I looked it up and it should work. There are some web sites that can show how the dryer drum comes apart so you can replace the element.
Instead of giving you a fish, I am going to teach you how to fish, so to speak. Go to repairclinic.com, enter your model number, MDG9706AWA. Look for the belt on your model number. They list they're own part number, which they are willing to sell to you and the manufacture part number, 33002535. Come back to Amazon.com and enter the manufacture part number, 33002535 and explore your options. Due to the fact I did not find 40111201 anywhere during this process, I would guess the answer is no, the one you have been looking at will not fit. Also look at your drum roller assembly to see if something wrong with them caused the belt to fail.
I installed this into an Amana Dryer and it fit perfect.
I personally didn't measure it. However, its rather long (3'+) - certainly not was is listed here. I replaced my Maytag belt 2 years ago, and it is still working great.
I went to the Maytag site and entered the information for my dryer, and was able to get the length of the belt from Maytag. I then went over here to Amazon, and searched until I found the belt that matched the same length! Most sellers will add the length in the description. You can go here for more information www.partselect.com. Good luck!!
I don't know if the 40111201 belt will fit, but one of these will.
It is hard to know what each Maytag model parts are. I would say go to the Maytag parts website and check out what parts go with your model. Or you may find out from the Amazon seller.
Yes, but I also had to replace the wheel/arm ($5 here on Amazon) because it was worn as well
No, I don't believe it is, but there are other filters on Amazon's site that are. Just search using the part number Samsung DA97-06317A.
No, this is a charcoal particle filter.
We unfortunately only ship within the United States.
According to the side pane of the box, this filter only fits Samsung products
Yes - this is a replacement for the DA29-00003G. I have a Samsung refrigerator that used the DA29 filter and have been using the Water Sentinel WSS-1 for several years with no problems.
"The bottom is 15"" which fits the compactor with an 18"" circumference. The length of the bag is 34"" and allows for a 7"" fold-over. The circumference of the bag all opened up is 57"". There are 2 sets of holes for each of the 4 tabs to attach to the bag to prevent sliding back into the trash. They are very durable and also prevent odors."
They do not. I found, however, that they were deep enough that I could fold them around the outside of the compactor and they did not slip. This was particularly helpful since I have broken two of the buttons which held the bags on my compactor.
"I believe so. Check the size bag your compacter uses against the size of the 18"" whirlpool bags. They fit my compacter but are a bit big which is fine."
Hi--I don't know. I have a Kitchenaid compactor. Check your inside measurement of your compactor and you will be able to see if the bag is big enough to go inside.
"Yes it uses a 6 "" round vent. You need standard metal venting from a hardware/home store to connect it to your existing exhaust duct. Just attach with a couple of metal screws and seal with foil tape."
The screw slot is about 11 inch from the back of the unit. Standard depth of cabinet is 12 inch so yours isn't too far away. You can also drill extra holes to secure the unit.
2.3 on low and 4.3 on high - these are specs off the company website. I love these units - I have bought and installed four of them
We are sorry that the K202 does not come in Black. So far only stainless steel is in stock.
The unit is not wall mounted, and the backside I think is finished.
"3.5"" and 4"" to the back that contacts the wall. It flares down like a triangle. If you need a pic of it mounted, I can email you some shots."
No
"I believe it is 30 "". It is a superior range hood. My friends purchased a range hood locally and paid twice as much for it. They felt cheated when they saw my dual fan range hood with light."
I do not know. I needed this unit to be a rear exhaust but it wasnt. it is only top exhaust. so I returned the unit. It was very nice but did not fit my application.
It vents at the top.
I don't believe the shutting off is caused by the microswitch. This problem is the control panel.
it is a Universal Piece that fits MostOvens It Is a Little Longer Than The origanal But yes It will work in your oven.
If there are no clips you need to use wire nuts for connection.
The connectors will match - but our replacement did not solve the problem.
It's been a while but I think it is a two pack as the two sensors attach to a single plug.
Package states; Made in USA
YES AND YES
"yes they are 3/4"""
They are brass washer connections hoses, and well made
No strainers but the rubber washers are included. Very good product and highly recommended.
"Hoses fit on normal water hydrant of 1"" in diameter. The inside diameter of the hose is 1/2 "". Hope this helps. DD"
HOSE ID 1/2 IN
"You're catching on, Ian. If you consider ""long term use"" as somewhat longer than 90 days, I have a pair that burst after two years. A ""Warranty"" isn't of any value and strictly limited to the replacement of the failed hoses within 90 days, not the thousands of dollars in damage their burst hose can cause. Read the warranty's small print that specifically denies any and all responsibility for ""... ""Incidental and Consequential Damages"", unless your insurance company sues them, of course. Nice, eh?"
It should work. Highly doubtful that GE would make different size probe holes.
Yes the probe worked perfect my oven.was a GE and im.sure if its the same size it will.work
I cannot tell from pic where the jack is. However, if it's like mine, it's on the top right as you are facing the opening, toward the front.
I have no idea, since I was only concerned if it would work with my GE oven.
I am not familiar with that oven, so I have no idea. However, it would probably work with any oven with a temp probe socket. I use mine in an Astivita brand oven, and it works perfectly. I am about 99% sure it will work with your GE Oven JK955SOF3SS, providing it has the correct size socket for the probe.
I wish I could help you but I am using it in a microwave oven and it works in there. But, the pin is standard just don't know if the material will take oven temperatures although it is sold as one, so, it should work. Charles
What I did was look at Sears online to determine model # for my replacement part. I also checked other websites with model# to make sure I had right part. Best I can do for you. Look at G.E. Site too for model # then google part number to cross reference in case the part is the same but # is different. My part number was different from ge part but other sites showed it being the exact same part. My new probe works fine.
Yes
"If it has a 1/4 inch recepticle, for the plug, it will work. But note that the cord is only 10"" long. My use is on a GE microwave/convection oven."
I have a #JGS 920 and it works in mine. I would give it a try I wouldn't think they would have changed the probe for a later model oven.
it fits my 2009 kitchenaid, kbf s20e, frenchdoor/bottom freezer model. cheaper one did not.
Yes this is the Maytag brand and you get what's pictured. I have bought 3 with no issues.
the one i use, the UKF8001, is rated 750 gallons. The box recommends to change filter every six months. I change it when the red light on the fridge dispenser comes on which is about twice a year. We depend a lot on water dispenser.
Yep!! In fact, this IS the 4396395 filter... This is the actual name of the filter: Whirlpool 4396395 PuriClean II Refrigerator Water Filter UKF8001 http://www.kwikfilters.com/whirlpool-4396395-puriclean-ii-refrigerator-water-filter-3-pack-ukf8001/
Not sure. Works fine in my Whirlpool Gold. I've replace several over the years.
Yes, either model will work just fine.
"On our Maytag, there is a ""Replace Filter"" light that changes from Green to red. The packaging says says change every 6 months, but ours usually lasts a year on average before it turns red. I believe it is calculated on the number of gallons that passes through the filter. We are a house hold of 2 people and 2 dogs. It has average a year of usage consistently for 7 years. Now if you had a house hold of 4-5 people, it may last a shorter period. But I do believe it is based on the number of gallons that passes through the filter that triggers the change filter indicator."
This came in a two pack and I still had the box for the second. On the side it says it is a replacement model for UKF8001AXX-200. Hope this helps!
The Max Flow Rate for this filter is 0.78 gallons per minute. Thank you for your interest in this filter.
In the fridge upper right hand side of the ceiling. Easy install. It's enclosed in a case that opens with a push of a button.
It will fit, but you have to reverse the black screws and install it from the bottom instead of the top as the instructions tell you.
the parts guide lists these parts for the Broan 683L on pg53 : www.broan.com/docs/catalogs/broan_replacement_parts_guide.pdf 97015162 Fan Assembly - Includes Motor, Blower Wheel, & Motor Mounting Plate 99080520 Motor 99020276 Blower Wheel
Im not sure. I took my part number directly off the fan motor not by model of the fan it self
Yes. But I just ground it down so they were both the same size. Did it to two. No issues.
Almost impossible
I am not sure. It's been awhile since I repaired mine. I was fortunate tht I looked up the original part # and researched the internet for comparable or new replacement part #s and this one matched. Wish I could have been more help.
I would say that it is not whisper quiet nor is it annoyingly loud. It does not distract me.
I would google your model but good luck, there are so many motors out there with different fan blades. Your only way to know for sure is to find out exactly from Braun or do the five or six measurements it takes to research it which I did using hdsupplysolutions.com's manual. Clicking noise to me sounds like the blade is hitting something and might just need adjusted.
If you have 663L, with a paddle wheel fan, per what is shown in this listing, the 97012038 is the correct replacement part. If you have the 669L with a squirrel cage blower this is not the correct part and NuTone makes no reference to what is. You may just want to purchase the Broan-NuTone 690NT upgrade kit. This will work on either of the model numbers you mention. ASIN number on Amazon is:B0039IU9QA
The heater motor is # 97017062
I am unable to reference this motor # so I do not know what might replace it.
I don't know. But what I did for my GE hood was measure my OLD fan blade, motor, and bracket. All the dimensions were close enough that I purchased and was able to bend the bracket a tiny bit and it all fit fine. Seems the most important issue for me was the fan blade diameter, was it going to fit the opening in the hood, it was fine.
No
Thank you for the inquiry. Sorry but this will not work as a replacement for your 509 vent fan
I'm sorry I'm not a repair man, I installed on my but had to make a few modifications.
Not sure what it fits, but I think it will fit even a bathroom vent, however it doesn't move much air.
Sorry we do not have that.
It's about a foot in diameter. Thehumidity needle fell off the day I got it, so if the humidity level is REAAALLY important ...
Yes
A nail or two in wood. It has one or two brackets in the back to mount to nails.
Hello Jane, I honestly don't know because after a short time (despite adjustments) the unit did not keep accurate temperature or humidity & I got rid of it. It was a disappointment (should have followed up on an Amazon review). Suggestion: I replaced with an Ambient Weather Station WS-1171 which provides the following: indoor/outdoor temperatures & humidity levels, plus dewpoints, barometric pressure & history, time, day, date, and it has an active indicator which (in conjunction with barometer) shows changes in the weather ie. cloudy to sunshine, rain to sun, etc. One small sensor unit sits outside & the display unit sits inside your home in a convenient location. No wires or electricity required 3 AA batteries. I like it very much.
I do see listings with the BK22496 cross referenced to the 205613. But I'm no Maytag man (or even appliance guy) so I'm not sure. If you valve's appearance is similar to the illustration, I'd suggest giving it a go. But, if your valve doesn't look like the 205613 pictured, I'd suggest contacting a professional. Sorry to not be more definitive.
I don't know if it will work in your washer. I do know the valve I received is not the valve pictured. The water inlet port is too small and must be wrapped with something like electrical tape before clamping. It seems to work okay once you figure out how to get around the inlet port being too small in diameter.
The stop valve needs to be fully open and replaced if old. The mains water valve should be be fully opened. This is situated outside the house or apartment. The increase of water pressure will blow-out any air in the system. If other utilities are up to pressure, dishwasher shower etc., the problem will be with the machine or your supply pipe which should be 3/4 diameter not 1/2 diameter (copper pipe). Good luck. GPM 3-4 minutes to fill.
I don't know what model Maytag washer you have and whether this will fit, but the one I purchased was advertised as a Maytag part and the one I received was an after market part, not a Maytag part.
It worked on my maytag washer .
Check your manual (that came with your washer) for the original part number, then cross reference the replacement part number to see if it is compatible. Or take the part off the washer and cross reference the number on it.
The same as on your garden hose
I Can't say for sure, you will need to check your manual for the original replacement part number for your model and see if the 206413 part will interchange.
Check your washer manual for the original part number and see if this part can be cross-referenced to fit your washer
"Your best bet is to take off the old water fill valve and see if it looks like this one. They are very easy to remove. My guess is, if your ""looks"" like this one, then it will probably work in your machine."
The only difference I found on this unit is a tab and block in the rear of the unit that got in the way of the input tube. That had to be removed to stop a water leak. Otherwise it appears to be a good replacement.
I have a Kenmore 106.8552410. The unit fit perfectly and easily installed. All needed parts were included in the box.
There is no speed setting.
Not sure but will fit many models and comes with universal adaptors
There are three screws that have to be removed from the old one and disconnect the harness. You can use those same three screws and i used the existing harness instead of the new on that came with the unit. It was very simple and only took a few minutes.
I don't believe it is a Whirlpool but works real good for the price.
Your model is not listed as being compatable. See the list where it say's will fit these models. You can search at sears online by your model number and get the ice maker part number then go to Amazon. Good luck
The model we has was different but when we were looking for one, most of them we the same for the Kenmore. Ours is about 10years old. Sears didn't offer a replacement and this one worked great.
Sorry, I don't know.
It appears to be an exact plug and play replacement. I would give it a shot, based on your model documentation I found on a Sear's website... Good Luck
Extremely universal. I put one on a 10,000 dollar Viking fridge when someone told me it would not work. Water inlet tray has knockouts for front side and or rear fill. If yours looks like this then it will most likely work. Save your plug connect wire it does not include. After install it will take 2 to 3 three hours before it starts working. It has a open thermostat in it. It will not close and start turning or filling until the tray temp reaches 30deg. Hope this helps.
It should. It fit my Maytag exactly as the oem. This type maker was used by several manufacturers, and it should be an exact replacement.
Probably. Being a universal replacement it fits several brands. It works great in my Maytag, and it was a snap to install. Everything fit like it was oem. A diy can change it out in about 10 min.
It fit my whirlpool conquest frig perfectly. Strip your unit down to the basic ice maker and compare size.
Sorry, I do not know what a 106 626649 is. However, I have installed several of these in refrigerators and I think it will fit most boxes with ice makers. I installed this one in the Norcold refrigerator in my motorhome and it works great.
Hey William, not sure what your model is, but I have been able to successfully use this ice maker in every fridge I have bought it for.
The Supco RIM900 can be used in Admiral, Amana, Crosley, Kenmore, Magic Chef, Maytag, Sub-Zero, Supco, Whirlpool, unfortunately I'm not finding your model number listed.
Unfortuantely, that model number is coming up invalid. Are you able to provide the correct model number of your fridge?
Nick, if this unit looks very similar to your ice maker then it more than likely will work. It is pretty universal and easy to install.
With a stand!!
I had to use a directional antenna to get my local channels. I live 15 miles from the TV tower. I never used this TV on cable.
No. Only TV.
Hi, the tall is 13.5 cm! Regards...
8.8 inches is the diagonal measurement of the screen. Reception is very good but details are very hard to see because thee screen is small. This unit is not for viewing sporting events but it is suitable for security and movie viewing. It is not for people with aging eyes.
No, but it does have a pop-up handle. Also, the little remote clicks into the back of the unit so you can carry it along too. I like this little TV!
No it does not, I would not recommend this tv.
googled this model no and per the matag web site, it will fit
From what I see on this website, the answer is it will not fit because it doesn't look the same. http://www.repairclinic.com/Maytag-Washing-Machine-Model-MHWE300VF00-ID-875298-Parts Keep searching using the manufacturers part number 875298 and see if you can find a better price.
I am not sure. I man handled it with two people and two pairs of needle nose pliers.
Hi. yes, this will work on this model. We have the same washer as you and recommend you install it using a shoelace to make it easier. :)
if I were you I would just replace it
Mine does that too and I had read that it is for counterbalance for the drum. I have taken my washer apart and removed the drum and the liquid never came out. I did not see a drain either. Hope this helps.
It 'should' fit. It fit MAH5500BWW machine. No spring included. Some good videos on the web showing step by step how to's. Search for the Maytag door bellow videos though as those will be better for getting the spring re-installed.
Gray.
"It should still work. The new version has the drain but it's actually ""plugged"" when it arrives. You can leave the plug in if your machine doesn't have a drain"
It was sent flat
"All 4 baskets can be removed - The top 3 have an area of approx. 4.5"" high - 12"" deep - 14"" wide, the bottom one is 8"" high - 12"" deep - 14"" wide, The shelves are stationary as they have the cooling tubes in them. Hope this helps."
Please review manufacturer website for picture. http://ep.yimg.com/ca/I/yhst-10843381165166_2271_9006910 http://www.sunpentown.com/uf31cuupfr.html
"13 3/4"" deep by 15"" wide for 3 shelves (17"" high). Last shelf is 9"" deep by 15"" wide, by 8 3/4"" high."
Yes
No it does not have either, but does move fairly easily due to its size. It only stands 3' tall.
Mine is 20 inches wide, 20 inches deep, and stands 33 1/2 inches high, floor to top. The door itself is 33 inches high.
about 6 ft.
No, just 4 baskets. Pull out drawers
Hinge is on right not sure if it's reversible only need an inch clearance in back hope this helps we are very happy with ours
Open it up and let it thaw. put a towel in the bottom to soak up the water.
Your model number does not come up in http://www.searspartsdirect.com/ so I can't say - find th correct model number and look up the part number at the above url and compare to the number given 4389102 in the product discription to the number referenced at sears.
dont buy it it works for like 2 weeks and breaks wish I called elsewhere
I replaced the part in My Kenmore, also a 106.xxx, it was an exact replacement, it appears that this is a universal part for all the Kenmore in door ice bins.
Yes, according to RepairClinic, the Ice Level Control Board for Kenmore Refrigerator Model 106.53332300 (10653332300, 106 53332300) is RepairClinic Item #921526, corresponding to Manufacturer Number 4389102. That is the same as the AE-Select Replacement part 4389102 shown here.
What I looked up it should
looked up your model same part
This kit contained both sensor and was a very easy install
That's the infrared board for an in door icemaker, not a main control board.
do not know about the kitchenaid, however as you will see in many posts, it quits working or works erratically. spend more for the actual replacement parts
I do not know, but it is pretty generic. It works on my kitchen aid.
Mine came ready to install and it was easy to do. Lower rack required some work and broke one part while assembling it. No replacement parts are sold - only complete units. Bah!
No. Mine is not adjustable.
I couldn't figure that out, was rather disappointed that the rack wasn't tiered like my previous rack (with the left side for shorter glasses and the right for taller glasses). It also messed up spacing for taller plates below, I have to keep those to the right side and stop about the middle or the top rack will clank into the plates. I have to put wine glasses on the bottom racks now.
"27.7 Depth x 29.9 Width x 46.9 inches Height. These are the measurements for the range it is considered a 30"" range."
self cleaning works like a dream. excellent
yes
After cleaning with the regular glass stove cleaner, I spray mine with Windex mixed with white vinegar then polish it with a clean cloth. Works pretty good.
"You will need a space at least 30"" wide and this will be a little tight so try and go at least 33"" wide so you have a little bit of room to work with putting it in."
It is just a regular oven. I'm not sure what a convection oven is.
It looks like it heats all the coils and then blinks off. The hotter the dial is set, the longer the burner is hot before it blinks off and the shorter the burner is off before it glows red again.
It will not scratch th element. If iron cookware and its content is too heavy the element support will sag or break and will touch the oven liner.
Yes
Yep, it sure does!
nope, i am pretty sure the liquid would drip through the holes in the mesh.
Yes they are
I also used round trays. I bought a sheet of green poster paper, used a magic marker on the paper to trace out the size and shape I needed, and used scissors to cut out a template. I then used some duct tape to tape the template to an old piece of plywood. I could then lay the netting on the template and cut it with an utility knife, since I could easily see where to cut by the color of the template.
Yes you can it is a type of plastic
All I have is wheat screens to try with. The large wheat berries did not fall through.
Product plus packing and container shipped in
It's a type of food grade anti stick plastic. Do not be alarmed about it being plastic. I have used mine over and over I wash it in mild detergent and it still performs and looks as the day I bought it. Really is a must have for dehydrating some items. I totally recommend this product
I have already cut mine so the length I am no sure of. The width is 15 inches. I got 6 out of it for my 10 drawers.i will get another roll soon. My garlic is almost ready for drying. The fruit leather sheet roll was great as well for the dog treats.
It is a roll. Not sure the length ,but I can cut it to fit 3 of my stainless steel wire racks with some left over. It does curl a lot, so I use stainless wire to attach it to the racks. Works great! I am pleased with the product.
I don't have the exact measurements because I have cut it up. However I believe I purchased two rolls its the perfect fit width wise and there was left over after cutting one for each (10) tray. I love it. It is easy to clean a must have for smaller cuttings and berries.
yes there are 2 in a pack and they are a matte finish. not shiny black
If you look at the comments from 2011 & 2012, you will see if there are problems with this product. On the other hand, if you look at the comments made in the past year or so, the product is perfect, suddenly. You have to wonder if these are true reviews or those manufactured by the manufacturer. Possibly, they changed the material of the product itself and improved it. I found another product that works well and has given me no problems. http://www.rangekleen.com/index.php?cPath=13_315
If your oven temperature exceeds 375 degrees for more than 30 minutes the possibility of melting increases. I've done it and it is now partially stuck to my stove. Not sure why it isn't designed to withstand what could be considered an average oven temperature. Plastic will only withstand so much heat so it may be wise to see if there are non plastic ones availabie. So, yes, it will melt.
Use hack saw do use jig saw will damage.
We do not have chrome strips!
Mine came as a two pack.
I have not seen this item in clear
23 inches. You get a pair.
There are 2 in the package, yes. Still a little pricey, but overall effective...
It is available in white from another seller as of 9-24-14. http://www.amazon.com/Stovetop-Extender-SE23WHI-Oven-Guard/dp/B00290VZ2G/ref=sr_1_1?s=hi&ie=UTF8&qid=1411579026&sr=1-1&keywords=stove+crack+cover
I received a pair. It isn't soft like silicone...it is firm but slid in just perfectly on each side. wipes clean easily also.
Black
Yes, about half an inch wide where it contacts the side of the stove.
It's a flat black-no shine really.
"It's so thin I can't even guess at the measurement. I had to ""wiggle"" my stove to get it to fit but got it in there!!"
This comes in black only. I do not recommend this product as it is not designed to keep crumbs from falling between the stove and the counter. It is designed in an L shape rather than a more productive T shape.
I don't think it would cut very well. It has a magnetic strip on the inside that is glued on so you would have to cut through that. The other material is a very hard plastic that might splinter
Since it fits between the stove and counter top it shouldn't make any difference. It's just wide enough to fill in the crack between the two. Hope that helps.
black
Yes, I just used good shears and cut it down a few inches to fit. Worked fine
Yes. So glad I bought these.
"The SE24WHI is White (Stovetop Extender, 24"", WHIte). The SE24BLA is BLAck. You can also find them in other lengths. HTH"
1/2 inch. don't buy it. Warps instantly. Piece of garbage.
I can't tell. But for what it is worth it was an exact match and has been working since.
"I am not sure what exactly you need to know, but I presume you understand that you need to turn the dishwasher off from electric panel, then shut the water coming to the it off as well. I also presume you know how to get to the part by removing the access panel and some insulation. The part should be on the left side. When you remove the old valve out you need to understand that taking the screws out is not enough to remove it. You need to ""unhook"" (if I can say it) from the frame it is mounted on. Try t wiggle it up and down gently and to the sides and you will be able to detach it from the frame. This way you will be able to bring the valve closer to yourself and you will be able to see and access the electric plug and incoming water hose and out coming water hose. So, unplug the plug that supplies the voltage to the old valve by squeezing the ""locks"" on the plug. The plug unplugs similarly to the telephone line from the phone outlet or network cable. Keep in mind that the plug might be stuck. So, you may want to move it to the sides gently. If it does not come out it may mean that you are not squeezing it right (find that release latch). Then you need to take off the incoming water supply hose and outcoming water hose. One of them can be twisted off using adjustable wrench while the other (thinner one) has a wire based spindle (I hope I call it right), which secures the hose on the valve. Some remaining water will come out. So, it is a good idea to have a towel in that area to capture that water before disconnecting the hoses. Then you do everything in reverse using the new valve. Make sure that the thin hose fits all the way on the new valve and is secured with the wire spindle again. This may require some effort to do it. Also when you put the thick hose back be gentle and do not over tighten the nut of the hose."
As of 2pm eastern, yes.
Don't know, but you could call the dishwasher parts supplier that provides this valve and they could tell you. This is what I did just to double-check that it would fit my KitchenAid Dishwasher. Good Luck.
The part I received was new and fit and worked perfectly.
No
Product Dimensions is 6.1 x 5.9 x 2.8 inches.SJS Commercial.
I don't see why it wouldn't but keep in mind that hot air rises, so you are making the blower work harder to get the air outside.
Yes, 4 inch dryer vent pipe fits on this quick connect dock. I used it on the dryer of a rental house I own. I don't know yet how durable it is though. The only thing I am concerned about is the heat from the dryer might cause the plastic to become brittle over time and break.
It is all plastic.
"I've installed two of these and they work great. It is not really a ""male-female"" structure, rather there are inter-locking tabs or hooks on the two flanges. It makes for a nice attachment that locks in to place solidly yet unhooks and comes apart easily as well."
No - the Dryer Dock is an after market product used to connect the dryer vent to the outside wall - it helps if you need to move the dryer in or out - keeps the vent in place so you don't accidentally end up with hot air pouring into your laundry room. Great purchase.
Yes
You can attach w/aluminum hoses but may need drill small holes to attach it to the base. Good Luck
I'm not quite sure what you mean. My dryer dock is secured tight to my wall with screws and the quick connect part twists in to the screwed in side to make a snug connection. Maybe one of your tabs has broken off the screwed in side making for a loose connection?
it doesn't. The water sits there and you get your arms and chest wet everytime. I didn't like the way this stainer has wide bars. you cant put small items in it without them falling back into the sink or on the floor. the black trays turn white quickly even with frequent cleaning.
Hasn't yet. Sems like good quality stainless steel
I thought it looked dark blue, by my daughter who has much younger eyes said it is black. It isn't a dark black, it has a grey mixed in. I like it a lot.
Sara, You can insert and obviously remove the slide out tray from either size easily. You can leave it in place or leave it out entirely. It cannot be moved out from the front or rear because there are support feet at those ends.
Yes, you may do it easily. It's the best tray I've found! Easy to clan and to use
the metal parts are shiny chrome (what you can see in the pic.) the rest is a cool gray. hope this helps!
Yes it have holes in it
Yes, slightly. I have an under counter mounted sink so it's sleek looking yet functional. I'm not sure if it's angled enough for an above mounted sink with a lip. I hope this helps!
I have not had mine long enough for residue, but would suggest a vinegar solution to clean any residue. It's generally a great cleaner for stuff like that.
I don't know why it wouldn't; just position the drainer over the lip of the sink.
My area is narrow also. They do lift up and I keep pushing them down..
Yes
They can be cut very easily. Think I used a knife.
"Sorry!, They can only cover a 1/2"" gap"
YES, I am very pleased with mine!
"Yes but weak. Did not find this product useful at solving the issue as it tends to ""walk"""
a pair
Depends how uneven. Mine is a little uneven but fits ok. It is better than nothing I think.
Plastic w/magnet
"I don't think the would look good. You probably should use a shim of 1"" under these and they would look ok."
I have the freestanding range. Your broiler element may be going out and need to be replaced.
We have not had the first problem with the stove. Only the dishwasher, which is still leaking after countless repairs made by Frigidaire approved repair men!
I have had so much trouble with this dishwasher leaking. It has been repaired 4 times and still leaks, not every time, but often enough that I would not recommend this model to anyone. Definite manufacturing flaw somewhere in this appliance and they won't own up to it. They will cover the repairs and then when they stop doing that they offer to sell you an extended warranty. I have owned a GE and a Maytag and never had the first leak. Steer clear of this item.
Rear
"It's 26 7/8"" wide, 75 1/4"" tall and 28"" deep. We were not able to put the folding door back as it's deeper than the Whirlpool we had but it's a full size washer and dryer. I've cut my washing down to less than half since I can wash all my whites in one load. Before I had to wash the queen sheets and 2 loads, now there's room for the set and everything else."
We wash with cold only too, and leave the door open a little. The seal is easy to wipe out. I haven't given it the test, of closing the door, as I don't want that moldy smell. We had a different brand before this one, and it got smelly if you closed the door for very long - and we only used cold water there too. We've had this unit in about 9 or 10 months now, and it is the best unit we've ever owned. We have a very limited water well, and the 13.8 gallons per load is wonderful - and they are BIG loads too. It is located in an area where everything can be heard, yet it is very quiet. We love it so far!
"I have these units installed on terrazzo decking on a Navy barge. I restrain the ""pair"" by strapping them to the wall. I did once have a real bad vibrationi issue when my installer neglected to remove the vibration dampening spring restraints at the base of the unit. These are installed by the manufacturer to keep the washer drum ""quiet"" during transportation, but must be removed upon installation."
The bottom of the door is about a foot from the floor. Yes, you need to bend over or kneel.
Don't know the exact minutes but it seems to be about like any washer... not a super long wash time.
"Our unit is just a bit under 27""... so it would be a snug fit I would think."
Sorry, don't know. Didn't purchase an additional warranty.
"Depth is 28"". You can go to their site for all the specs (http://www.speedqueen.com/home/en-us/products/product.aspx?id=350)."
3 years parts and labor limited warranty on complete washer/dryer. 5 year limited warranty on washer motor. Year 4 to 5 parts only limited warranty. 5 year limited warranty on cylinder bearings and seal assembly. year 4 to 5 parts only limited warranty. 5 year limited warranty on cabinet assembly against rust from the inside out. Year 4 to 5 parts only limited warranty. Lifetime limited warranty on the washer stainless steel wash basket and outer tub. Commercial Steel Drying Cylinder against rust or corrosion.
Yes, Pam. It works in my Kenmore refrig.
The one I received had only 1 filter.
yes, lg says 5231ja2006b and 5231ja2006a are compatible for lt600p
My original filter was the B and the A works exactly the same. I bought the A, after checking with the manufacturer's website, when I couldn't find the B. Hope this helps, Bambi.
No
Yes they are interchangeable. You can Google the part numbers and see the info at retail web sites.
If you go to this link http://www.lg.com/us/appliance-accessories/lg-LT600P-water-filter You will see the F version listed as the original filter along with the A and B versions as replacements.
It fit our LFX25971SB refrigerator. Not sure about LRFD21855ST.
I don't think they are compatible. You may want to look it up on the web, because the pictures of these two filters don't match.
I don't know. If you don't have the owner's manual for your refrigerator call Sears or Home Depot and ask them what type of water filter you need. Then order it from Amazon.
yes. when you install it check all the white wires along the edge of the lcd screen. My power board fried because the wires along the edge of he lcd overlap and over time the wire coating melts shorting the wires out. My fix: separate the melted wires, then fold electrical tape long-ways over the white wires to keep them from melting again. then install your replacement power board. My LCD is like brand new now perfect bright picture. Hope that helps ya.
I believe this board will work for you. According to Shop Jimmy, This is the correct number.
Part has been installed in my lc320em82 and is working fine. As I said mine has been installed
Yes I used it on a Whirlpool and it works fine. Best price found on the web. Hope this helps...
Yes according to their website the WSW-1 or WSW-2 will replace Whirlpool part #4392857
"You need to cross reference your Whirlpool Ref on the web site against the WSW web site http://www.watersentinelfilters.com/products/refrigerator/wsw1.html. FYI - ""GD5SHG"" can not be found on the Whirlpool web site."
I have a KitchenAid side by side fridge with a bottom filter and it fits mine. Hope that helps.
Yes it will.
No. Box that it came with lists the following filters it can replace: Whirlpool - 4396508, 4396510, 8212491, 4392857; Kitchenaid - 4396163, 4396547, 8212491; Kenmore - 46-9010, 46-9902, 46-9908. I would try looking at http://www.watersentinelfilters.com/ to see what can be used for 4396509. Thanks.
I wouldn't know. I have a Whirlpool.
Hello I am not sure I have a whirlpool sorry I cant help. Mark
As long as you have + Price for both: $58.63 These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. Show details Buy the selected items together This item: Whirlpool 2186443 Filter Housing for Refrigerator by Whirlpool $34.13 Whirlpool 4396508 KitchenAid Maytag Side-by-Side Refrigerator Water Filter, 1-Pack by Whirlpool $24.50 ($24.50 / Each)
They look to be exactly the same on the web site. Best way to find out would be to get in touch with the manufacturer directly: TST Water, LLC 42188 Rio Nedo Temecula, CA 92590 (866) 218-8473 Toll Free (951) 541-9517 Telephone (951) 296-1050 Fax Regular Business Hours: Monday - Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm PST General Email: info@tstwater.com
Yes, That is the same model I have. Looks a little different in the picture but fit easily in seconds.
It is not an OEM part. I don't remember there being a warranty, and installing it might void your washer warranty if it is still in effect. Then again, installing it yourself might void the warranty even if you did use an OEM part. If that doesn't bother you, then this is a good pump that is essentially the same as the Whirlpool part for a lot less money. (Note: I am a customer who bought one of these. I am not the seller.)
It's for a Whirlpool Duet so I don't know. You should contact to seller to ask. FYI: I got 2 pumps from this seller. I sent the first one back due to noise and the 2nd one is extremely noisy as well but it is still working after about 6 months. Hopefully I can get another year out of it. The price was great!
We ship all US orders USPS and international FedEx.
yes, i have whirlpool duet and its easy to change and its work good
"I would select the range vent hood size based on the space present in the cabinet over the range. So if the space available for mounting is made for 36"" then yes you should use a 36"" hood."
The spec sheet with dimensions for the Broan 423604 unit is located here on their website: http://www.broan.com/common/productDigitalAssethandler.ashx?id=8b99ed32-df4c-4d21-940d-5acebd28fb77
no opening at the back unless you cut a opening
"I'm not sure what you mean by ""finished"" but I can say that the front hood part and sides are made of stainless. The top and back parts are made of black painted steel and not stainless."
Yes
My ducts are vertical. Didn't need to buy any extra pieces.
I did not read the warranty on this fan.
It only works with 110 volts.
you could use it both ways. vented or non.vented
I would not buy it unless you remove it when you use the oven. After using the oven twice it warped and will not last flat. Better off with a t-shaped over of aluminum
The top part is ok, its the part between the counter and stove where it was too big. I threw them out so don't know how wide. The space between my stove and counter is less then 1/8 of an inch.
The black plastic ones work well. I've never seen them in stainless they would be difficult to cut to fit.
"3/4"". My stove top is a little lower than my counter top so it's at an angle. Keeps the gunk from falling into the abyss!"
"They are 23""."
Only one. We moved the stove more to one side, but another one would make it perfect.
It is well balanced and cranks easily. You tyrn it at one revolution per second, so it's a slow turn. I am 75 years old. If i can do it, anyone can.
I think of my Wonderwash as a hand crank front loader. The key to the Wonderwash is to not over load it. You need head space so that the cloths can tumble while washing and rinsing. I use liquid detergent and softener together while washing, which consists of 200 rotations forward and back. I then let the cloths drain and I refill the tub for a rinse cycle. After another 200 rotations, I drain the water and put the cloths in my spin dryer, which will remove the soap, softener and dyes. I return the clothing to the Wonderwash for the final rinse of 200 rotations and then back to the spin dryer where the water comes out pretty clear and if it doesn't, then i go for another rinse. Keep in mind you can not do your laundry in bulk and for this reason, I believe, that my cloths come out cleaner, which you will notice with your colored cloths by how much dye will be removed when using the Wonderwash and a spin dryer combination for the first time. Cloths that I've had for years, when washed in my Wonderwash for the first time, released a lot of dye, which totally shocked me and made me realize that my cloths weren't really clean at all. For me, obtaining a spin dryer was the key to the whole process. You need to see the water being released from the cloths to decide if they need rinsed another time! Hope this helps. :-)
Very wet and it is amazing how long it takes clothes to dry that way. That is why I bought a mini-dryer as well so for about $100 total for the washer and dryer, our family cleans delicates and daily wash when we don't have a full load in these units. The kids actually have fun doing the laundry and we leave the majority of clothes for our front-loaders. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HT0958/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
We usually don't pack more than 6 large mens t-shirts. The clothes need space to move around in order to get clean. Usually one pair of jeans will fit. Sometimes you can put two pairs of women's jeans if they are a thinner material. I've done some larger loads of light clothes like underwear, undershirts, and tanks. I wash many pairs of socks by themselves (up to 15 pairs at a time).
Yes
No. I just let it drain until it stops dripping. Last rinse I usually let it drain for 10-15 min. You still have to wring out clothes. Different clothes, of course, hold more or less water....but the ones on the bottom definitely have more water in them!
sure can...my sons sport shoes were muddy; i brushed off dry dirt and placed them in the wonder was with hot water i scrubbed them a bit with a brush...a minute and a half to two later shoes were clean....i love it
It is hand crank but very easy. No electric. I love mine. It saves electricity and you can use it if camping or away from electricity. It has an amazing capacity much larger than it looks.
Yes, you technically can but I don't know that you would want to. While the Wonderwash is great for lighter clothes but for heavy towels, it's a pain to dry. Not so much difficulty with the washing but the drying part is a little bit of a pain. Having said that, even though I used the Wonderwash for lighter clothes only, I still managed to reduce my electric bill by $50 a month so it's really worth it, if you have the time.
Its requires 6 quarts / 1.5 gallons on a full load. I've never tried using powder detergent yet so I don't know.
That's what I have and it fit mine!
That's not my model number so I don't know. What I did was go to a site such as repair clinic and look up the part number for my model. By doing that, I could search for a good price and shipping options. Hope this helps.
Worked fine on my Neptune. Easy to install.
"My husband purchased this to repair our dryer- and it worked perfectly! I don't know exactly what was in the kit but I do know he did not need to go out and purchase additional supplies! Also - it must have been fairly straightforward to install because there were no "" repair tantrums"" associated with using the kit! Hope this helps!"
I'm sorry, but I do not know! I would suggest trying to speak to the part supplier.
I'm pretty sure that is the part .whirlpool took over may tag which of course went bankrupt I believe you can return it if not opened however that is tough if you are trying to see if it matches. I am almost positive that was the part number I would call whirlpool and ask them to double check your model
I don't know if it'll fit yours. I would call the manufacturer and they can cross-reference it for you to see if it will fit.
Yes, this part fits Kenmore 70 Series dryers
Sorry, but no clue. I'm a DIYer whenever possible but far from an appliance expert. Find a parts website, I used Sears parts direct, search your model. Then look at exploded parts diagrams and read the descriptions below for part numbers for your specific model. Once you have the part number you can search Amazon for it. Hope this helps. Good luck. WW
Here is a link that may give you the answer you need: http://www.partselect.com/
No
I would say that it would fit all Kenmore dryers with 29 inch drums.
I can't be sure. Ours is an electric front loader and it worked perfectly, but I can't tell you about the exact number.
Greetings. I am not a professional repairman, just a homeowner. However, I believe this will fit your dryer. I looked at the parts your dryer needed and they are the same ones I bought in my kit. Always remember you can Google your dryer's part number and look for replacement parts and troubleshooting tips. That is how I fixed mine. Once I found out what part kit I needed I bought it on amazon cuz it was cheapest.
No. The idler pulley is different for your dryer. Go to the following website and type in your model number for the correct kit. Appliancepartspro. Com. (I am not affiliated with that website. Just another homeowner. Once I found my part # I went to Amazon and looked for the best price)
I don't know. Go to Searspartsdirect, input model number. Get patr number and price. Go back to Amazon and input that number. Go with best price... Consider shipping costs..
I don't know if it'll fit yours. I would call the manufacturer and they can cross-reference it for you to see if it will fit.
Yes, this part fits Kenmore 70 Series dryers
Sorry, but no clue. I'm a DIYer whenever possible but far from an appliance expert. Find a parts website, I used Sears parts direct, search your model. Then look at exploded parts diagrams and read the descriptions below for part numbers for your specific model. Once you have the part number you can search Amazon for it. Hope this helps. Good luck. WW
Here is a link that may give you the answer you need: http://www.partselect.com/
No
I would say that it would fit all Kenmore dryers with 29 inch drums.
I can't be sure. Ours is an electric front loader and it worked perfectly, but I can't tell you about the exact number.
Greetings. I am not a professional repairman, just a homeowner. However, I believe this will fit your dryer. I looked at the parts your dryer needed and they are the same ones I bought in my kit. Always remember you can Google your dryer's part number and look for replacement parts and troubleshooting tips. That is how I fixed mine. Once I found out what part kit I needed I bought it on amazon cuz it was cheapest.
No. The idler pulley is different for your dryer. Go to the following website and type in your model number for the correct kit. Appliancepartspro. Com. (I am not affiliated with that website. Just another homeowner. Once I found my part # I went to Amazon and looked for the best price)
I don't know. Go to Searspartsdirect, input model number. Get patr number and price. Go back to Amazon and input that number. Go with best price... Consider shipping costs..
I use it at my school with 25 employees, but they also fill up pitchers for several classes of children. It may be on the small side for 80 people, but it does replenish the ice rapidly.
No...you must intall
Yes it is, but the one I got was defective and had to be returned. Not a good product.
May be a stupid question but did you connect to water line? Check the lever inside, it should be positioned down for ice
Yes you can
half moon slices of ice
"Lindsey, the oven sizes are: 15"" high 16"" wide 18"" deep - I have baked cookies, cakes and roasted a medium size turkey in mine. SV"
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! Danby does not suggest manually lighting this range. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day!
It requires ac cord to be plugged in for the electric start. You can ignite with a long lighter if you don't have ac. (Cabin) AC will also provide power to the clock, tomers snd oven light.. Robert
Yes! Works great. I use a small 3 gallon style much like a BBQ. Lasts a long time. But depends on your habits. Remember to provide ventelation or turn it off if you go to bed or leave for a few days... The stove jets have to be swapped out and yhe oven burner adjusted, but I love my little stove..
Yes! All the LP changeover parts are included as well as instructions to change the main regulator. You will need to furnish the hose tank and misc parts to hook it up.
This models have a broiler pan with a broiler pan cover.
"The model does not come in black you may look at WNM1307DK which is a 20"" gas black range."
Alex, This model does have electronic ignition for the burners so you would have manually light one during a power outage. Most gas ovens can not be operated without power since both the ignition and the temperature regulation is electronically controlled.
500 degrees
The actual cooking surface is 36 inches tall.I hope this helps you.
220 outlet is needed for this unit.
No, it doesn't. And when I baked, the knobs got all brown. It also came damaged; the little plastic feet at the bottom were broken off and jagged and there was a big dent. Called and spoke to Mike who said he's send replacement parts and never did. I didn't follow up because I moved and left it in the apartment.
You will need to have a 220v outlet wired from your breaker box. It cost me 3 times the price of the oven to have this done. Also it does not come with a power cord and you may need to pay for an inspection after install. If you don't need don't buy it. If you already have it, look in to returning it. Although they will make you pay for shipping. Good Luck.
No it's 220 volt and it took around 6 weeks for shipping
to tell u the truth i dont have this stove. i ordered it but it never came. so i asked for refund n they gave me lets say half back.
According to the specs at Home Depot (where this costs $499.00) it is a 240 volt just like a standard size oven.
15 x 18 appears to be the biggest that will fit.
"NO IT""S 220V ! They do not provide the info needed for the buyer to make a proper choice. If you have a 220v outlet where you want this then great. If you do not then this can be costly. In my case it cost three times the cost of the oven. Also it has no power cord you must buy that on your own and will be by your local codes dept standards.Good luck to you."
"Google...""electric range power cord"". Many sources"
The daily consumption varies depending on the room temperature. At 70 degrees Fahrenheit the freezer will consume 360Whrs/30AH. These are in standard test conditions with no door openings. It requires a 215 watt solar panel and a 370 amp hour battery.
Yes, a factory customization is possible for additional costs.
I hooked my Sundanzer to the battery. Make sure to put a fuse in the freezer's positive cable near the positive battery terminal. Hope this helps.
This Sundazer Solar-Powered Chest operates on DC only.
They claim it requires 215 watts. Mine is on 6-100 watt Renolgy panels and 6 Trojan deep cycle 12 volt golf cart batteries. It has worked flawlessly night and day with power left over to run multiple 12 volt lights in my house. Tim
None, what so ever. Best oven we had the pleasure of owning.
I would not call this a noisy oven at all the fan does run after it is shut down but it is a soft sound. I leave door open a bit in cooler weather when it's cooling down and even then the fan is not a disturbance.
There are 3 racks.
They aren't super loud- the sound doesn't bother me, but yes they do run for long periods..they blow the hot air from the stove into the significantly longer than I anticipated.
No, it doesn't.
It is designed with built-in trim on sides and bottom. The top mounts flush to the cabinet.
Not sure but both ovens are full size and both have convection , we love it !
Yes
I doubt it- the fans blow out from the front of both ovens/ so an hour after you've finished baking- they are still blowing hot air into the kitchen.
It comes with a 1 year warranty. You can purchase an extended warranty from fridgidaire for $116 which makes it a 3 year warranty.
Both ovens are self cleaning
There are a total of six.
They cook excellent. We had a GE prior which we had problems with things falling or taking twice as much time than the recipe called for. This oven cooks much more even!
Yes that's how my stove is too. The extender will just sit a little lower than the the sides of your stove.
The extenders are a plastic material.
Heat resistent, YES. However will warp and burn if directly on/nect to a burner. Be careful if you have to trim them in any way. Use an extremely sharp blade and do not bend them, otherwise they will not straighten out very well.
They're extremely hard plastic. The stove top and oven can get pretty hot and they still look new. So, I'd probably say yes as long as you are not placing it directly near or on the burner or on the oven door.
It would depend how much lower. They slide between the stove and the counter top so they would probably work just one end of the slider would be lower than the other side. The bottom of the extender is about 1 inch maybe slightly more from what I can remember, so I don't see why it would not work. You'd have to purchase the item and if it didn't fit to your liking, you can always return it. Is there anyway that you can possibly increase the height of your stove by placing some type of solid foundation underneath the legs of the stove to bring it up to meet your countertop?
I have no idea if it will fit in your space. I do know they do fit great on my stove between that and the countertop. I love them, they blend in so well, I often forget that they are even there. Hope they work as well for you.
Yes. Set of 2.
EACH extender is 3/16 of an inch wide. Be sure to add this to the width of your stove to determine if you have clearance between the counter tops.
it's been awhile since i bought these, but I believe it came with two.
"The rubber magnet which runs along the edge of the extender is 1/2 "" wide (stove side). This forms a tight seal which keeps out crumbs and spills. The top of the extender is 3/4 "" wide. Which is more than plenty to form a sweeping transition from stove to counter. Very easy to remove and clean with soap and water. Never had a problem pulling them off. Never have bent the extenders while removing. Super design and quality for sure."
No. There are no filters or any other maintenance items to keep track of. it is very easy to keep clean. It does not even seem to accumulate lint. The clothes are only there for two or three minutes; that may be the reason why. Note; if you accidentally forget about it and let it spin for a long time, it will shut itself off as it is thermally protected. I did this once. It shut off after about 15 minutes and would not re-start for another 15 or 20 but then it was fine.
We have owned our Spin dryer for over 3 years and have had no such trouble. Sounds like this component did not get secured properly during assembly.
That is common with these spinners. You might as well just leave a small recipient to keep collecting water after finishing
This one has a bigger motor and higher rpm, it is slightly heavier and has a slightly larger capacity, it would be consider more heavy duty then the nina which is smaller, lighter, and more portable. IMO this one is a better buy for the money. Mine works great!
No; shouldn't be a problem at all.
I imagine that it was out of stock. If it's not available on Amazon, try going directly to The Laundry Alternative's website, their prices are lower.
My suspicion is that the reason people have it break so quickly is because they run it with the load unbalanced. It is INCREDIBLY difficult to get the load properly balanced, and if you allow it to run unbalanced it destroys the motor. I've had mine for four months, and it hasn't broken yet, but we shall see. Personally, I wouldn't buy it again because of the load balancing issue, even if it doesn't break. When this one bites the dust, I'm going to look for one that is shorter and fatter (since I think the shape of it is a factor in why it's hard to balance the load), and if I can't find one, I'm just going to let my clothes line dry.
I have the newest model just delivered today. Nowhere near as noisy as the units in the videos. However mine is sitting on a concrete floor and not on wood.
Not that I've noticed. =)
This is a bit large for sitting on a counter. I put it on the floor and put a plastic tub under the spout. If you look closely at the photo you can see the spout under the colorful design on the machine.
https://d1vofmza27mmhi.cloudfront.net/product-pdf/samsung-appliance-rfg237aars-use-and-care-manual.pdf Page 41. Good luck.
I assume so, the filter only affects water and ice feature....ice making machine is terrible by the way, same if not worse technology as 50 years ago...a disgrace
It's the energy saver icon. If it's on you get better energy efficiency. The manual doesn't really get into details but if water droplets form on your water dispenser then turn it off.
Per the owners manual: 1 year parts and labor on the refrigerator. 5 years parts and labor on sealed refrigeration system only...which includes compressor, evaporator, condenser, drier, and connecting tubing.
I bought mine at Sears and was able to buy an extended warrenty for $500. I don't know about purchases from Amazon.
DA29-00003G
We have had ours for over a year and have really enjoyed it. We particularly like the interior, and the automatic cleaning cycle. We had no problems with the panel when I first installed it. We still don't have problems, but we just had granite countertops installed and it is a rough cut edge and it extends out further than our prior top. We have to bend over a bit more to better see the panel, but it is no real issue. I also like that the panel is now better protected from anything dripping on it. Also will note that it is extremely quiet. I would buy another one. We have had Kenmore and Kitchen Aid before. I will never go back to a kitchen aid. Too many issues and repair calls on that one.
I'm sorry, but I don't have the answer to that question.
I have the same dishwasher, and everything in my washer is covered in condensation when they heat cycle is finished, even when using the Extra Dry feature. We called Maytag, and they sent out the most rude condescending repairman I have ever encountered in my life. He explained that when the dry cycle is finished within 30 minutes you must open the door and allow the dishes to dry, and had I read my instruction manual I would know this. Then he continued to rant that he could not believe that Maytag had sent him on another one of these calls instead of just explaining that over the phone. I am returning mine today. Had I wanted to air dry my dishes I would not of spent $800.00 on a new dishwasher, and my next one will not be a Maytag. I have also read my instruction manual, and no where does it mention this.
Please visit our website page for current sales price $1699.99. Thank you.
Dear Gehrig, This model does have the Potsense feature which will automatically adjust the cooking element to the size of the pan bottom.
Factory sealed box
Dear John, This model has a numerical setup within the control panel. To select the heat level, you select the corresponding element and then the number for the heat level. For Example, you select the image of the front left element on the panel, then the number 5 for medium heat. To manually turn off the burner, you would select the element and then 0 for the heat level.
Dear John, This model does have several safety features that will automatically shut off the heating elements. For example, it will shut of the heating element when a spillover is detected. If you are trying to wipe up spills near the controls, we recommend you use the clean lock/child lock function which will avoid any changes to the controls while wiping that area. My favorite shutoff feature is the timer which lets you decide exactly how long the heating element should be on and will shut it off when the time expires. This model will also shut off the element with a warning indicator if an improper material is placed on an element, or if a proper pan is not placed within 90 seconds of the element being turned on.
Suzanne, we had problems closing the freezer door, too. Found small piece of white styrofoam stuck close to the hinge (was hard to see it). Once removed the door shut perfectly. Connie
There is lighting in the refrigerator; there is no lighting in the freezer. Due to the size of the freezer a person can see what is within the freezer without any lighting.
I'm sorry but I have the sold the house with the fridge in it. I know that it fit through a standard size entrance door without having to remove doors or handles.
A queen sized sheet will fit in the spin dryer if it is carefully loaded. Don't try it with a flannel sheet though.
No, I did not receive a warranty with the Mini Countertop Spin Dryer. They did supply contact infomation for the seller complete with address, telephone and e-mail as well as operating instuctions etc. I've had no problem with the product and it works efficiently on my size six clothing.
17 1/2inches. Fits under my kitchen sink when storing.
I believe so, I generally use my spinner twice weekly for 4 hours at a time. I have the Panda mini washer (WE LOVE IT!) Both are used often in my home. I can't spin sheets (I can wash them though), but i can spin kids clothes, my clothes and accessories. It pays for itself.
It doesn't last long at all. I'm very allergic to chemical smells myself & it went away quickly.
Have no idea on RPM but fast. The clothes come out barely damp. I would put in 2. blouses but only one pair of jeans at a time. It works very quickly. I use it mostly for blouses and lingerie. No more wrinkles than from the spin in a washer and I either shake them or smooth with my hand after hanging. I would buy it again.
Does it wash jeans? Yes, I think I might have even put 2 pairs in at once.
Because it's a fairly large box, and most importantly, the price of gas is so expensive these days.
I don't have the exact dimensions but I was able to fit a queen size hospital blanket In there! I usually can put a pair of women's pants and a few shirts in there, several socks and a few undergarments at once. Hope this helps! Let me know if you need more help
No, the 800 is not induction. To take full advantage of the true induction you will need special ferrous metal cookware.. ...But I still love my Bosch 800.
1. Yes works extremely we'll 2. Yes 3. Yes
With a sponge. Sometimes a little soap but usually just water. It stays looking brand-new. The ease of cleaning is just one of the many benefits of the stove.
Yes.
Yes. Not waterproof though.
Yes
If you think it needs calibration you must send it back to Amprobe: Amprobe Everett, WA 98203 Tel: 1-877-AMPROBE
Change all old tips and all should read between 2 percent the same
+ - 2
You would think I would remember since I ordered the same thing last year. So I'm going to say yes, it's a 2-pack b/c I only had one order for it.
Yes. Fits the Hunter 33201 perfectly!
It is a single filter ONLY.
Sorry. I don't know if it will fit. I ordered wrong filter. I can say that only one filter came.
I dont know the answer to that
I am not sure which model it fits it was to small for what I needed.
I wish I can help, but this filter was not the right one I needed for my Hamilton humidifier, BTW this filter flakes very much and is so hard you may cut your hand....
I believe it does
sure does thats the model i have
Sorry, but had to laugh, I was just thinking the same thing. Why in the world would you buy more than 1 if the price increases with each add on filter? Duh.. thanks for asking, I'll be waiting for answer, probably won't get one though. LOL!!
Yes, this filter works for Frigidaire P/N 242017801. I just replaced mine with it and it is the same.
The website for discountfilters.com says it is a direct replacement. I am buying one to make sure, but have done a lot of research, it I think it will be fine. UPDATE!! This filter IS a direct replacement for the Sears model 46-9999 Takes 5 seconds to replace it, run it for a few minutes to get the air out of the lines, your are back in business. I will use discountfilters.com for this and other filters we use. Very Happy!!
That's the filter that fits my Gallery.
I believe they're only supposed to last 6 months. Our initial filter lasted that long.
Judi- That is the correct filter for your model. Robert FiltersAmerica
Based on Frigidaire's website, you need filter WF3CB not ULTRAWF. Thanks, Robert FiltersAmerica
Yes, this would be the correct filter.
It is a genuine part. I don't believe it is a Frigidaire part, but from another source; but it does exactly match the first one I removed. To be clear, I think that Frigidaire shopped for an existing filter rather than create their own.
Yes
Yes, the bottom is removable. It also washes really well.
Yes it is inclinedm
Drains well n comes apart well as well
both
Yes it is dishwasher safe, but you really don't have to put it in the dishwasher. That's taking into consideration that you are putting clean dishes in it. You can also do a quick rinse of it in the sink.
The top snaps into the bottom, you can separate it if you really have to.
"It's 18"" long, and tapers from 10"" wide at the bottom to 14"" wide at the top."
18.4-inch by 14-1/2-inch by 5-1/2-inch
Yes !!!it works very good!!
Yes. Should be plug & go.
Yes it fits It has a slightly differert look. Hardly notaceable Pleased with my purchase
I don't kmow. I had to contact Jenn-Aire to see if it would fit my stove. Good luck. I love mine.
Yes
Why not contact the makers of Amana and ask. I had an older Jenn-Air model and got in touch with them to find out if it would work with my model. Be sure you have a model number for your stove to pass on to them. I really like mine, though.
I have an older JennAir Model. I believe if you check some of the web sites that carry these parts, you may find a conversion table that can help match your model with the part.
The correct unit would be the A121B - as per the manufactorors user manual
I really don't know but here is the number for Jenn Air 1-800-JENN-AIR(536-6247). David
I don't know the models but this fits all the Jenn-air range tops I have seen. That's four different styles.
Yes.
Yes it does has a cord
That would be a definite NO. I plugged in with cup water and thermometer for 2 days and did not get below 44
19.8 DEPTH 17.9 WIDTH 33.7HEIGHT
"I remodeled my kitchen last summer and wondered the same thing. The problem is that this unit blows exhaust from the back, traditional built in's blow it out the front. Operating heat for the compressor is an issue. As long as the unit can get airflow around it, it will be fine. I had the under counter hole cut 6"" wider than the unit (3"" ea side) and at least 6"" space behind the compressor. I framed in the gap with trim pieces on the front. It looks and runs great. Hope this helps!"
"29 1/4"" There is a light in the center top that hangs down about 2""."
I haven't had any frost build up yet. Maybe just a little condensation is all but nothing that I would call significant.
Yes
No, this is a pretty quiet fridge. You can hear it kick on but its not loud and doesn't run for very long.
Scott - I think it is a no go for your fermenter. The bottom is only 9.5 inches deep due to housing the motor - I measured from the second shelf to the top and there is NOT 24 inches of clearance.
I could hear the ice trying to be popped out of the tray....with a lot of grinding. If you've got action (of some sort) happening up there in the form of noise, you've got power to the unit.
All you do is plug it in the to the wire housing on the frig...very simple.
Original Equipment Manufacturer
DA97-00258C This is based on looking at some appliance parts web sites. But to be sure, i would look at the picture of this unit on Amazon plus check the part number on your actual ice maker.
"I think you mean ""inches"" instead of ""pounds"". I'm not sure why they are different. All I know is that it fit perfectly in our GE Profile PFSS6PKWSS French Door Freezer on the bottom refrigerator"
Yes
Sounds as you have the crushed ice setting in therrefrigertor. The unit makes then solid if it does not something is sticking.
I have a double door bottom freezer Samsung ,It worked well for my needs bit of a trick to remove ice maker but the numbers you need are on the old unit
Yes
I have no idea what your refrigerator uses. Take it out and see what the part number is. I have a GE refrigerator
I would use an EMO filter instead of a generic. The generic filter I tried leaked and that seems to be a problem with them, some are ok and some leak. The EWF01 fits Electrolux models but not the Icon model.
I haven't encountered that with any of replacement filters I've had.
I do not know which replacement filter you are referring to, so probably cannot answer your question. I used to buy my filters from Electrolux but for the last year or so, have purchased them from Amazon. The filter I use seems identical in every way to the one I purchased through Electrolux. Same packaging, style etc. So far I have had no problems with the plastic cracking. This opaque plastic is the one I have used since buying my Electrolux refrigerator six years ago. The only reason I purchased thrpough Amazon was the speedy delivery, Electrolux took much longer to send shipment. Hope this helps.
Yes the recommend filter for your model number is the EWF01.
Sorry...Check on the description or look up your model number for matching filters.
The one I received today did not have a protective covering. I didn't expect that it would and for me, shrink wrapping is just a waste of resources since it was well packaged.
There are two cartridges in my fridge. The air filter is slightly recessed, and the water filter is closer to the front of the fridge, just to the right of the air filter.
It depends which Frigidaire model. I originally bought, by mistake, the replacement filter with a metallic end cap (I did not check the model number well) and it did not fit. I talked to Caribbean Appliance and they ask me to return it for full credit and I bought the correct model for my Frigidaire refrigerator (the one with a plastic end cap). It works very well and I even bought the double pack.
no idea
no but they do sell some vent free this one is not it . sorry. but it is big and beautifll
This is so very good we happy
It could be made as ventless/ useless ,optional. The unit is designed to operate with a vent to acheive oprimal performance.
Yes you can absolutely install from the ceiling leaving your stone intact!
It comes with brackets and screws to anchor it to the wall, is relatively easy, you just have to do a good calculation of dimensions and levels
yes it does come with extension
All necessary parts supplied
mesh
You can definitley fit it... Hard to say what the minimum would be but as long as you're willing to alter the chimney height accordingly (Just cut it), the base of the exhaust hood would fit just fine - Looks great installed. Best of luck!
"It is convertible for either ducted or ductless. The ducted configuration takes a 6"" round, whereas the ductless recirculates the air inside your home."
Yes. No issues with mine so far.
This model is for wall-mount only. You would likely be looking for something more like the AZ668i (http://www.amazon.com/AKDY-Style-Az668i-Stainless-Island/dp/B0032N3L58/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1371569367&sr=8-2&keywords=AZ-668i).
So far we have had no problems with scratching, When using my cast iron pans I do use extra caution and only use them on low and medium temps. The stainless steel pots and pans which we use most have not left any scratches or marks. Any splashes or spill overs have been easy to clean with Weiman Glass top cleaner and a micro fiber cloth. Hope this helps
Parts Warranty: Limited 1-year entire appliance Limited 5-Year Glass Cooktop/Radiant Surface Units: Yes Labor Warranty: Limited 1-year entire appliance
In stock right now. We ship within 48 hours from time of order.
The cooling and freezing components have restarted for me. HOWEVER this machine has the absolute WORST ice maker I have had the misfortune to own. I am on a first name basis with the repairman due to several new circuitboards, firmware updates, factory ordered modifications and others. Several times a year! My extended warrenty has expired and the thing gets junked the next time it quits. I'd suggest you buy something else!
Yes it is.
Not very well. Cubes are small with a large indentation in the center that makes them melt very, very quickly. Tough to make a good Martini with them.
I push the two red connectors and out easily
Yes, just cut off both edge of the copper or PVC pipe and plug in the new filter follow the Arrow direction on the filter.
checked to where the flow of water goes and checks the key arrest
Hello. You don't have to go by the model # but 1/4-Inch quick connect fittings to install. You should check the size of the connecting part of your 1800-1001 maytag. Any appliances that has 1/4 inch connecting part can use this filter. Hope this helped.
I replace it once a year but I imagine I will depend on the watter quality in your town. I'm in the south of Spain and we use it a lot.
We have plastic lines. Easy to remove if you read directions.
It comes with compression fittings on both ends. They fit over your copper line that feeds the refrigerater.
7.5 cubic feet = 12960 cubic inches
Yes someone who is a norcold dealer should be able to order those for you.
"it should fit. I have a 1989 Teton and this is the one that I just bought. the main measurement to get is the vertical. this frig measures 59 -7/8"" high."
I don't Know I still don't have any. I was going to just make them.
Yes an Icemaker can be added.
Yes it would be a problem as you need a small amount of power for the electric ignitor. We have this on our RV and a 12 volt battery is enough power to ignite the propane. Once it is running you don't need power.
They are prehung as right hand but are made to be flipped easily.
Yes. You must be able to reach the lower rear portion of the refrigerator from the back ( outside ) for the final electrical and lp gas hook ups. Also the lower rear panel must have a screen or other perforation for ventilation/combustion air.
Just insulation on sides.
The temp is adjustable so it maintains temp to whatever setting is made? Maintains very well by the way!
The instructions say it lasts 30-40 refills worth.
I leave it in to be cleaned. Sometimes, there is a little pink film (early formation of mold) at various spots, and some could be in filter, so better to be sure than sorry. No odor of vinegar subsequently emanates in the mist.
This filter requires no additional maintenance, but it is recommended for hard water. If you already have filtered water or use distilled water, you won't need this filter. The directions say to change the filter every 30- 40 fill-ups. To me, that sounds like a lot. If you use the machine every day, you'll have to replace the filter in about a month and a half, and that can just get too expensive! I wanted to return my filter, but the return shipping was just outrageous, so I've kept it and will use it but not order replacements! Hope this helps!
No, sounds like the filter broke. Send it back for a new one.
Original filter box has the instructions and pictures, place the filter upside down in the humidifier basin after soaking it for 30 minutes in separate bowl.
yes I believe so, it says it fits 'crane drop shape humidifiers'
We use this for a number of months. I would say 6 months. You could see on ours the filter looked dirty. We have real hard water. This is a factor. Just a guess once or twice a year.
Yes I would because you would have less exudate. Yes distilled water.
"Don't know - have not used this humidifier without filter. Old humidifier had no filter; put out much ""white dust"", so switched to humidifier with filter and it significantly reduced this problem. Currently use 2 Crane tear-drop humidifiers in 800+ square foot apartment and have no problem keeping humidity at comfortable level."
That is what my filter looks like and it fit.
My unit came hardwired WITH a plug. I didn't need the plug as I have the unit controlled by a switch above the counter. My electrician cut off the plug and wired the unit in to fit my situation.
"Iam not at the location where I installed the disposal so I cannot measure it but I know that it closer to 10 or 11 inches tall. It is probably 6"" in diameter."
"It does come with a standard 3 prong grounded plug/cord attached. The plug can be cut and cord hardwired as mentioned in other posts or a ""Hardwired"" cord can be attached to the unit in lieu of the provided cord"
I checked with my plumber at my time of purchase. He said the contractor version was the same except that it is for a plug in, not a direct wired. Check under your sink to see if you have an outlet, and an on/off switch near the sink. I hope that helps.
It's been a while since I installed this, and we've since moved. I do believe that the broken one I replaced was the contractor model. I used the old drain, which worked fine. I believe there was something funky about the wiring, but it couldn't have been too bad, as I am not a mechanic...(See the idea about using a auto jack to hold the disposal in place while working with it.) My advice, if the price is good, would be to get it, take it our of the box and look at it. Amazon has been great with returns for me, when things don't work.
Should fit with no problem. I disconnected drain lines and dish washer line and elec. Shimmed under old insinkerater so it wouldn't fall and loosened connection with supplied wrench. took out old unit put new unit on shims and tightened mounting system and reconnected drains.
Yes
It is an exact fit. Very easy to install.
Yes
It's about 11 inches tall by 7.25 inches in diameter at its widest point.
Yes, it does work for mine. Please note that because the metal hinge has been installed in reverse for long time, it will or may need to have minor adjust for the new direction direction.
"I cant't answer specifically to this model, but I have learned while searching for reversal kit for my washer that ""DUET"" includes MANY DIFFERENT MODEL#s and the so called ""universal"" kits are not one size fits all! Call Whirlpool and confirm the exact part number for the reversal kit that fits your washer, then start searching for that specific part #. Very likely Amazon will have the correct part, but doing a generic search for Duet washer is NOT adequate...you're likely to buy the wrong part and have to return (like me&#128548;)"
I used one
Yes
It doesn't fit to the washer.
Not sure ... Google it
In my experience, the door is not reversible.
Honestly not sure. There is a lot of confusion as to which reversal kit got to which dryer. Mine is a WED94HEAW1 model and although the manual indicated we needed a kit we did not. Look under Google with your model number with door reversal. Odds are you will find a YouTube video explaining it. I hope this helps.
Yes
It is the correct kit.
The wringer is very heavy and it does need to be attached to a tub. I use a metal tub. It would have to be a very heavy duty plastic to be able to support the wringer. I do suggest using a metal tub.. The tub needs about 20 inches of straight side to secure it. I use a large oval tub. a round tub would not work, as it would not have the straight side to secure the wringer to. I put the wet clothes into the tub and wring them, putting them into another basket. The wet clothes gives the weight to secure the tub and as I wring them then the water that is squeezed out and falls back into the tub gives me the weight I need to balance out the weight of the wringer on the tub. Securing it to an empty tub will cause the whole thing will tip over.
I'm sorry I don't know if you can get replacement parts but the unit is built so well and I've used it a lot since I've owned it and has performed beautifully. I have taken mine apart just to lubricate the rolling points I put silicone paste on the moving parts in glides a lot easier, hope you find this helpful
It can be attached to a table. The wringers are adjustable to accommodate different items; being unfamiliar with working with fondant, I'm not sure about that use.
My husband put in two utility sinks. We put the wringer in the middle of them. Clamping them together. But it would slip a lot so my husband put two bolts through the sinks and wringer and it works perfectly. Hope that helps.
Yes they touch. You can adjust the tension between them as well.
"As you face the wringer the wide way, the two clamps are right at 14"" apart and are NOT adjustable. I have the wringer fastened to an old outdoor end table, mounted onto a 2 x 4 on its edge. but the clamps could probably clasp over something as thick as 2 1/4 to 2 1/2"" perhaps. This is the second one of these I've owned and sure beats wringing by hand which is hard on your wrists as you age (I'm 65). I do recommend that once you're done using it, to release the pressure from the rollers.......will keep them from ""flat spotting."""
Hi, I use this to wring out towels for drying my car. I attached to a 1X4. I do not think it would work on a tub.
Yes and it's work good also
Sometimes. We would occasionally grease ours - it helped.
not with this product but a rolling pin on a table works well.
For 2-3 gallons, maybe 1 tablespoon and 1 tablespoon white vinegar to break up the smell in my clothes because I sweat so bad.
"You don't pull the plunger all the way out. You fill the bucket so that it just covers the lower part of the plunger and a portion of the top part. When you raise the plunger a few inches, the air goes in through the top portion called ""the breather."" I find this product very effective and easy to use."
Screw it back in, the whole thing screws together, if it falls apart it has gotten loose so just screw it back together like you did when you first assembled it.
I purchased two 5 gallon buckets from Home Depot.
Your bucket & how to use it: I use a 5 gallon bucket (you know, the kind sold at home improvement stores with the company's name & logo on them). Given the diameter of the washer, anything smaller shall probably be too narrow. However, if you can handle to weight of the water, you could use a larger vessel. For most batches of laundry, I fill the bucket half way (2 1/2 gallons) along with my detergent, agitate a few times to develop some suds, and then add the dirty laundry. Agitate like mad for as little as 30 seconds (for lightly soiled & delicate items) to 90 seconds (heavy things like jeans). If the item(s) being cleaned are very soiled (ground in gardening dirt on the knees), I find a good minute agitate followed by a soak for a couple hours and finished with another minute agitate will lift the ground in mud.
Yes
I think they forgot to give me the handle because I didn't get one. I read somewhere that the handle was small. I bought a mop and unscrewed the handle, then just used that. It worked out fine.
I used a 6 gallon round plastic bucket, and I put in 3 pairs of levis. It seemed just about right. Get a wringer or else your stuff will take forever to dry on a line.
Personally I shoot for about 6 minutes -but- I break it up- I go about 2 min at a time and let it soak several minutes in between. I feel this really is effective. I usually give it 2 rinses- but agitate it for maybe 1 min each time. This really is a great little gadget.
Oh my gosh, YES! You should try to pretreat the tough stain with a bar of laundry soap like Fels Naptha or Zote. Use the washer on the clothing and then let it soak for really bad stains. Then go back to washing.
Also, these situations require a lot of ingenuity and customizing. DO NOT USE DUCT TAPE. Buy the special aluminum tape. I was told by two other people that duct tape would fall off due to the heat. I bought the special tape mentioned in one of the reviews. By the time you have crafted a custom vent and installed it in a very tight space (with lots of trial and error, especially getting the vent taped to the outlet and inlet) you will have so much time invested that it is not worth the risk of using duct tape and finding out that everyone else was right!
Not sure. Its really thin though. I was capable of bending by hand and cutting with tin snips easily.
"This thing should work. It is not a plug-n-play solution, however. You will need foil tape, and tin snips to adjust the thing to the right size. Also, you will need to somehow get behind there to put the large hose-clamps in place and tighten them. It took me about 45min to get it set up, but since then it has been great. There is less resistance that my old flexible hose so the clothes dry much faster. I'd make sure that the periscope has the right opening dimensions so that it will match with your wall vent and the port on the back of the dryer. The 4"" and a bit to the side should not be an issue. Good luck! BTW, you many want to wear some type of gloves so you don't cut yourself on the metal when you install it. ;)"
"No, the 0-5"" refers to the center to center. You need longer 0-18""."
Yes
As I recall more like 4 inches. Very difficult to get an accurate measurement. However there is a big improvement in the drying time since installing this product
yes it fits inside. It just seemed to be snug enough not to pop out. It has been ok for over a year.
No, what you see is what you get. It's the PEX tubing with the attached fittings as shown.
I have used it w a Kenmore Elite side by side. It is very likely going to work, new fridge icemaker connections tend to be stadardized. The user's manual may have a section on the ice maker hookup and tell you what type of connection your fridge has.
It works exactly as a copper line. It's like the lead pipe but in PVC which is way more convenient.
Both ends have a 1/4 inch compression nut. The receiving fitting must have a wide enough opening to receive the end of the pex tube (look at the blown-up picture). This should fit just fint on the inlet on the fridge. On the other end, depends what you have installed. There are at least 2 types of copper shut off valves, one of these (a fitting for a flanged copper line I believe) will not work. Yes, if you cut off one end, it should fit the shark-bite. Btw _H_D_ also carries this exact line (except GE branded)
This attaches using a pressure fitting at each end, not appropriate for a cold water tap. If you get a saddle valve to tap the copper line to the cold water, then you could hook this from the saddle valve to the fridge, or you could look for a diverter valve adapter to attach to the faucet ,and then this to the compression fitting.
When I attached the ice maker and dish washer I used shut off valves. A kit (in the wall) for the ice maker and just an inline valve for the dish washer. There are valves made to push directly onto the PEX and have the compression fitting for the ice maker line. If you use a kit then use one of the PEX to FPT connectors. Hope this helps.
Not sure what the packaging says, but the hose is plastic, so I would assume that it is lead free based on that. Don't have anything concrete to though.
"Yes, it's 1/4"" internal diameter tubing -- standard for most refrigerator water/ice maker lines."
We don't, and unlike other water filters the water doesn't come out a slightly grey color. If you do notice that discolor just dump out the water.
Just one.
I ran into the same problem when i bought replacement filters (in the past) from somebody besides clear2o. You can really hurt your hand if you build up enough pressure before trying to remove. The supplier did make good on a replacement since i wasn't the first one that this has happened to. I have since paid a little extra to buy from CLEAR, and have not received a faulty one yet. I hope that this helps. Thanks
I checked the box and instruction sheet, doesn't seem to be a rating... 1-800-231-9786 USA/Canada
"The description on the page says: ""This CLEAR2O pitcher filter features block carbon media and is NSF certified to reduce 53 contaminants, including cysts, asbestos, mercury and lead."" I think you'd have to go to their webpage and perhaps ask the question of their staff."
The little window to the left of the handle turns from green to yellow to red. When it's all the way red, change the filter.
my filter is color coded....turns red from white as it gets older....then turns black when it is fully black it is time to replace....i don't have a date code? not much help to you i guess.
The 3-pack of filters is from a different seller. It's not uncommon for some sellers to have prices that are higher even if they'd selling a multi-pack. Always check prices carefully. I have been buying single filters. They last a LONG time for me though I am the only person using the pitcher. Hope this helps!
There are a variety of numbers that seem to fit the same pitcher. Call the manufacturer and they will tell you if these two are the same.
Due to the varied outlets from home to home, the power cord, or pigtail, is not included with any new range.
Not as of yet.
The Cooktop is glass therefore scratchable, chipable, and breakable. So can you use cast iron? yes, but it is not recommended and the weight and ruggedness of the cast will easily scratch and chip the top. So you have to be careful. The weight of the pots just make it easier to bang the pot on it. I would not use the cast, but it can be done. I have used an allumnium pressure pot seems to work ok. I would say no to cast iron save those for your gas camp stove.. Also it does take longer to heat for example to boil water than the traditional electric.
I sincerely doubt it. This has four conventional burners, one of which has two size options. There Is a warming burner suitable for melting butter. This is a great stove but hardly a commercial range.
"The door swings open sideways to the left, is a pretty small oven, for bread or oblong dish, as it is only 9.5"" wide"
I don't think it did
"Mary Jo, Unfortunately, it does not. All Frigidaire professional ranges are Stainless Steel. However, Frigidaire does have two 40"" electric models in White. They are the FFEF4015LW & FFEF4005LW if you want to take a look at them."
I put a strip of door-edge protector on the front lip to do just that. Material is a combination of cast and heavy sheet steel. Quality is actually pretty decent. Two small hinges mount with a couple of sheet metal screws into the counter right behind the burners.
We have two burner cover and it stands straight up when open. I have complete access to total burner top.
I don't think it does. I ended up returning mine because it required me to drill holes in my countertop for proper installation. However, after my last few camping trips I'm considering repurchasing it. :) As I recall, it was hinged along the back and you raised it up in the front for use. The top and sides were one solid piece.
Mine came with a black handle area and the rest was stainless steel.
It comes with them.
I don't have my machine any more but I did love it. I connected the hoses to the kitchen faucet when I used the machine so they must have been around three feet in order to reach there, but I can't say with accuracy
I have never seen an oval-shaped faucet. Unscrew the little piece at the end of the faucet. If the part with the threads is round, you won't have any problems.
you can. The machine will start as soon as enough water is in the tub. A good idea is to pour the water in an hour or so before washing. That way, you can let the clothes soak in soapy water, and they'll be easier to clean.
I'd say it is quiet, I live in a small apartment, I attach the machine to my kitchen sink, when in my bedroom I cannot hear it when washing, it pulsates, when it spins, it gets a little bit more noisy, especially if, it's over loaded.
"It doesn't. A lot of people ask this question because of Amazon's stupidity. If you look at the Technical Details section, you'd see this: Batteries Included? Yes Batteries Required? Yes Battery Cell Type NiCAD Description Pile AAA Rechargable Average Battery Life 15 hours Battery Capacity 25 milliamp_hours There are also other weird descriptors like ""200 beats per minute."" These weird erroneous descriptions are all over Amazon. They have nothing to do with this washer. IT has to be plugged in and does not use batteries."
"It does a decent job, but it will not 'nearly dry' things like jeans or hoodies. They won't be dripping wet, but they'll still be very damp. You may want to get that spinner like some others have suggested to push more water out of your heavy garments. Also, if your laundromat is nearby but you just don't want to sit around for hours waiting for your stuff, you could do a few loads in your washer, put the items in a plastic bag, and run down there to dry them (sitting in front of the dryer so no one rips you off) for a half hour or so. I make do with my HAIER and a clothesline very nicely, and am able to set up a clothes rack that can handle the laundry of two people very well during the winter months. For very heavy things, though, if I had a lot of them, I'd probably do the ""run to the laundromat and use the dryer"" trick."
You need a drain for the water and of course an electrical outlet. We have it draining into the bathroom sink. The kitchen or bathroom would work.
"Yes, you could put it into the tub to drain. It has a hard plastic ""U"" to hang over the edge of a sink. It doesn't require a tight fit. I put it over the edge of the kitchen sink between the dish drain rack and the edge of the sink. That way, it doesn't slip off when the washer pumps out the water."
"Hi Penny, I too did see that in the manual, However, I contacted Haier directly, They informed me that they have manuals and most of them are in ""template"" format and for them not to ""reinvent the manual"" they tailor and modify the manual specifically to the appliance. They assured me that the Haier HLP21N Pulsator portable washer is 100% electrical with no need for batteries. They also went on to say that this machine does not keep ""memory settings"" like in there other models that do. So, in a nutshell, this was a typo left on the manual and rest assured that your washer does not need batteries for any reason. Happy Washing ! George"
"It's a good machine for what's available today. I returned two of the ""new water saving"" machines that are useless, that's on the market today. Then I found this one. I LOVE this machine. It's as close to an ""older version"" washer as your going to find. The agitator works great but not like 30 years ago. It is NOT as weak as the new water and energy saving models. Those actually left stains on my clothes. This has not. Everything is clean, and I can add extra water, softener or bleach when I want to, not when the machine dictates it through a cup holder. "" I like extra bleach at times when needed. "" You wont be disappointed with this machine. It CLEANS clothes unlike the water savers today. I wish it held a larger load like the old monster sized ""heavy duty"" machines but it in fact cleans well. No bells and whistles but clean clothes and spins like the dickens so ready for the dryer. It's worth every penny !! You will NOT find a washer like the ones from 30 years ago...I already spent near a year trying. This is the next best one, and comes in second to those older models we loved so much. When it goes I will buy this same one again..."
Yes, It has all of the normal wash selections
I use a little less than the instructions say. This washer spins so strongly that it practically acts an an extractor, so the wash water is pretty much gone before it is even rinsed. Then it has a setting for a double rinse, which is awesome. It really gets the detergent out. I do not use HE detergent. This is the best washer ever!
43 1/2 inches to top of control panel, add another 9 1/2 inches with the lid opened up, 28 inches deep, 25 1/2 inches wide.
The more I hear about the new high efficiency washers, the more I love my Speed Queen. Yes, the tub of my washer fills with lots of water, lots and lots of water. AND, if you want to add even more, you just turn the dial. Novel concept.
"Model AWN 412 Width 25 5/8""; Depth 28""; Height 43""; Work Surface Height 36"" See more at: http://www.speedqueen.com/home/en-us/products/product.aspx?id=344#sthash.UmzpxoRk.dpuf"
Between 52 & 53 inches. ( I have mine on rubber casters, so it is difficult to give a precise measurement.)
Yes. What I do sometimes is I just use the extra rinse feature rather than wait for the rinse and to hold the button down. I think there is an entry on these comments about how to alter the machine so it will fill to the top line on an extra large load. I have not done this to my machine.
Yes. The only option is a cold rinse.
No computers!! Yes, it has an agitator.
upflow yes, counterflow no
SPST Switch 2 Wires 24 VAC Max. Load (contacts) - 5.2 Amps For use with models: 110, 112, 220, 224, 350, 360, 400, 440, 445, 445A, 448, 500, 550, 558, 560, 560A, 568, 600, 700, 760, 760A and 768
Not sure what the model # was on the one that we replaced, but it was old -- most likely original to the house which was built in 1979. All we had to do was drill a couple new holes to mount it over where the old one had been. Very easy!
I am not 100%, but it seems to me that it will. There is simple (and i mean not very discriptive) instructions with it. This unit 600M may require a transformer in the electrical loop. mine did. I had to get a doorbell transformer from homedepot. If you dont have one, you might as well order one of those too. Just a simple electrical loop and this humidistat is the switch.
Not sure re compatability. The humidstat is just a relay to a solenoid. In theory, you are just connecting power on the poles of this relay and the ground line goes from the solenoid right to the power supply. I replaced a bryant humidstat with this one and it worked fine - if that helps.
Don't know
I have yet to install sorry
It has two wires to connect, it should work !
This humidistat runs off 24V AC and often has it's own step down power supply when the blower board doesn't support it. Check if you are getting 24V AC coming up to the humidistat. The solenoid for the water should be closed unless the blower motor comes on. The transformer is hooked directly at the blower board for aux power 115V. Check your manual for the diagram. If it's blowing the breaker, the blower board is probably detecting a problem with the step down transformer 115 to 24 AC. I'd be checking there. The humidistat acts like a light switch and that's just a simple circuit, open or closed. When you turn the knob you can hear it click, that's opening and closing the circuit to directly to the water solenoid. If the solenoid is stuck open, the solenoid is probably blown. The people who installed ours (before we bought the house) hooked it up without the 24V AC step down. 115V directly to the solenoid and poof it's gonna blow. When it blows, its stuck open leaving water constantly flowing. Here are two links to products that are comparable to what I referenced. Hope that helps. CDaze http://www.amazon.com/Aprilaire-4010-Humidifier-Transformer/dp/B002T0ZTUU/ref=pd_sim_hg_8 http://www.amazon.com/Aprilaire-4040-Humidifier-Water-Solenoid/dp/B007KDZ6WC/ref=pd_sim_hg_2
Yes it will with minor rewiring. Take one wire common from furnace straight to solenoid. Other furn wire to humidistat. Second solenoid wire to stat. And it should work fine. Think of the stat as nothi g more than a light switch. Hope that helps.
It has an electric starter and runs on gas. It was a total and complete lemon. Avoid at any and all cost.. When shopping for another stove Ad explaining my dilemma to various merchants, I was told that they were not surprised as they had received similar complaints from other customers
yes they are but seem to be sturdy and clean able
http://www.manualslib.com/manual/274476/Bosch-Hgs5053uc.html
I am using the Lodge LDP3 griddle on the center burner and I bought a big Camp Chef griddle at Scheels that fits over all of the burners. The lodge you can find here on Amazon, the other I have only found at Scheels or online from Camp Chef. I don't know about the knobs though.
Mine is black.
The 5th burner is mostly used for simmering.
I don't think it does but you can purchase one that will fit over the center oblong burner. I have a cast iron griddle that fits nicely over it. You have to start out on low to preheat the cast iron, then gradually increase the temperature.
Wow. It will unless he can eat through the steel cables of the lock or the freezer itself. Good Luck!
Pads are 3.5 x 4 inches; arms are just under 6 inches.
Mine came with two.
OUTSIDE i would have to say No. Its would be easy to cut off , Id buy a Steel one with a Bullet proof Padlock having it outside, but it works good in the house to keep people from wasting all your food,
Mine is the Bosch B26FT70SNS and yes it works with this refrigerator
yes, i believe it is; my application is thermadore side-by-side refrigerator
Do not know for the Thermador,but these various brand names are made perfectly by the 3M company-same as the filter above I am regularly getting for my Bosch fridge. Outstanding quality,replacing it every six months.
I am not sure I have a Bosch.
Yes, I have that model and this filter is the right one. Merry Chritmas
yes
Yes, this is a compatible filter for your model
I ordered: Bosch 644845 9000194412 Ultra Clarity Refrigerator Water Filter which worked 100%.
Yes
When I complete the registration form for the dryer, a note was attached indicating I would receive the rack upon registration completion. I received the rack, never used it.
Depends on whom you ask. For me the SQ takes the edge because if its simplicity and durable construction.
None of the current mechanical control models have this. Starting in 2015, the units with electronic controls have a moisture sensor.
Yes it is 220V.
Not that I am aware of.
Our experience is 40mins on average - to completely dry.
I just bought a Speed Queen washer from Tripodi's Appliances in Port Chester. I assume they carry the dryers, too.
Ripon, Wisconsin
G means the interior door is grey vs white in earlier models
I doubt it but you might contact the manufacturer or appliance center.
7...middle back shelf is coldest...which is where i keep the beer... i havent found that it would freeze anything...or maybe i just drink it too fast...perfect lil fridge for me...
i would imagine in a covered/protected area it would be fine. You might try calling the manufacturer...
no. it's light blue/purpleish. but no.
"External Dimensions: 25 1/4"" H x 17"" W x 18 1/2"" D Internal Dimensions: 21 1/4"" H x 14"" W x 14 3/4"" D The hinge is on top and bottom of the fridge the. The feet are more for leveling then anything else and do not add enough to the height to effect clearance. The door goes all the way to the top of the fridge. 24"" is too short, buy smaller fridge or cut cabnet opening larger."
This part works for the Kenmore, be careful most parts only work for one brand
Sorry don't recall and I just got rid of my old dishwasher sorry again
Not sure did you check online to see if they might be compatible?
yes, it fit mine perfectly.
My best guess is that yes it should work. Although I checked your model against the recommended replacement parts and it only listed an entire dispenser replacement. I'm pretty sure that the cap itself is standard fit to most KitchenAid models.
per the repair PDF it is part # W10482848. the pdf being at http://www.kitchenaid.com/digitalassets/MLPDF/Repair%20Part%20List%20-%20W10531142.pdf amazon has it on
No. It doesn't. I made the mistake of buying it and it was way too small. You need to call one of the appliances places online and get them to special order you one , because they only come with the whole rinse aid compartment. It's a pain in the neck, but it's the only way. Good Luck.
Hi, Chris. With dryers, a squeak is almost always a sign of damage being done. The only possible exception is if your bearing needs only grease, which means damage is being done but slowly. In order, the three typical places to look for a dryer squeak are: the tension wheel (which holds the belt tight around the drum), the front of the drum (which usually rides on a plastic collar behind the front panel of the dryer, though sometimes rides on two wheels underneath), and, of course, the bearing behind the center of the drum. Usually the cause is obvious. If it's not obvious, it's usually the bearing. Try greasing it if nothing else seems to be the problem. Best of luck.
I can't confirm it but if all your searches say this is the kit than I would think it is. I would think Frigidaire would pretty much standardize their parts to keep it as simple as possible. It worked fine for the Frigidaire model I had.
No, it is not compatible according to www.appliancepartspros.com
High temperature grease, not sure of brand as it comes in a white generic tube.
Don't have any idea. It fit my Frididaire.
Mine is GLER431AS2 but I believe it will work for other as well my dryer was squeaking really bad and this fixed the issue and it was a quick fix took me about 20 min to do the change
Hi Justin, I have no idea.
If your big tank is leaking, the tubing replaces it. The big tank is unavailable. It was fairly easy to replace, I am not a skilled do it yourself type person.
"Believe it or not, yes! Very easy to do and I do not consider myself handy. Try to get it as high as possible under the shelf. I started the hole for the ""self-tapping"" screw with a drill. The connectors work great. Been working fantastic for a few months! They make a killing off us with a cool of tubing, don't they? They should be embarrassed!"
I purchased full set of drip bowls at same time. Together they fit perfect but never did try the new elements in old drip bowls.
You have to make sure that you are ordering the 8 in. Sometimes the descriptions are misleading, so be sure to read everything. Burners are pretty standard, 6 in. for the small and 8 in for the large.
It worked on our Whirlpool which we bought new in 1984
Yes
I don't know. I found my burner part number from Whirlpool site before buying them . I guess you have to do some homework by youself.
Loops.
I bought the element for a specific Whirlpool model range. I don't know what other models this element is compatible with. Sorry I can't help.
Yes, but I don't think they are as sturdy as the the replacement I ordered in previous years.
I used to. I just recently replaced my stove to a cooktop.
I am not sure this item is watt rated. . It is just a standard electric burner. . It works the way it should and saved getting a new stove
It should fit, the cap fits on the pur filter which helps pull it out. Ap is an abbreviation for Apollo grey color.
yes, just make sure you pick the correct color, black, gray or white
I have a Maytag side by side that uses the same water filter and it fits. I'm not real familiar with that model fridge but if it's the Whirlpool equivalent then I would think it's the correct one.
no, somewhat darker gray, but mine is recessed so don't see it anyway.
It looks like it should. I broke mine when trying to replace my filter and found a new one online for only $5!!
Yes.
Yes
This part should work for your water filter, or you can try this link: http://www.partselect.com/Models/KSCS25FVMS01/. It shows parts for your model. The caps are the same.
I have a Kenmore side by side refrigerator. The filter I order is a different number than this. I looked up this filter and it looks the same as what I order from another manufacturer. I would assume that since your filter is designed for kenmore, this cap will fit the filter. Hope that helps.
You would have to contact a Whirlpool dealer to get the part number. Yours isn't listed for this part. There are so many different styles. If you have the old one, there is a number inside the cap, very hard to see!
no
I am in Tallahassee, FL, so I would say within 3 business days.
yes, all parts required are provided except tools of course. If you're house is anything like mine or older, which is only 9 years old, get ready for more of a struggle getting the old one out vs putting the new one in.
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DNGTQ9O Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
I am quite sure it will, it is a very universal item
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DNGS5EQ Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
Look up the oven product number and look threw the ones that fit ur machine
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B005BA44VU Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
Yes
This one says it will fit your model # http://www.amazon.com/Frigidaire-Gas-Oven-Ignitor-5303935066/dp/B001DPFMB8/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1422664563&sr=8-1-fkmr0&keywords=fridgidaire+FGF350BBWA+ignitor
Talked to serviceman about this igniter - it was aftermarket. He said it is possible that the item may not generate enough heat to light the oven. my case the motherboard failed completely. be careful of aftermarket.
Yes
its an universal part...it will work you might havta cut existing wires and splice this unit wires.
No, the mounting bracket is too narrow. The correct part number is 4389142
The evaporator motor for this kenmore model is part #548697 or 1105608 ( for part number info try the sears parts direct site) Good Luck
Be ready to do some modification
Don't know model numbers but ours was a top freezer Kenmore and it fit fine with one little modification to the bracket. Still working a year later...just fine. At less than one quarter the cost of one from a local appliance dealer.
I would check the frig model with the part supplier. This one fit for me replacing fan 989687 on my Frig EHT171TK, but I ordered the wrong one first. Works great so far. great price.
Yes
No It is a after market part.
You might have to modify it fit. I had to on mine. Hope this helps.
It worked nicely with mine after I abandoned the original metal backing plate for the fan. My refrigerator is a top freezer unit.
Yes
Yes it did thank you.
Good Morning, Unfortunately we do not have any information about that model number, so I cannot recommend specific parts for you. If you choose to purchase these and they do not work they can be returned within 30 days per our return policy as listed.
They work fine.
Yes
"whatever your model# is, just google it first. usually what you want will almost always turn up. and make sure you use the term ""replacement"" or whatever applies."
I don't know try it and return if not ,
Dear John, When I decided to purchase my stove element, I went by the brand of the stove. It was the perfect size I needed. Hope this helps.
If the plug is the same it might work, you just have to try but the plug must match
You need to check your stoves model number and search for the part you need
I looked up your part number Marvin C. and it is identical to this one. Only on that site they wanted triple the money.
this is not the part of this model number, but it is compatible and it will fit. Regards,
I did order and replace mine with this one..on my kenmore oasis elite. .looks like thay made a few alterations but works good.
It seems to be a aftermarket product
You do not. I think that it's a splash guard to protect the motor, but you have to buy whole parts. Therefore, it is a waste.
Thank you for contacting us. Unfortunately we do not ship expedite. We ship via USPS economy shipping. Please let us know if you have any questions.
I can not speak on part numbers. But based upon the picture I see here YES this part is a replacement for the washer drain pump. Was very easy to install. Just remember plastic parts so watch the pressure you apply and when screwing back your support screws DONT over tighten.
According to the replacement part number W10049390 (&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;this is the part it replaces) I would have to say no. But I may be wrong about that. just look up your washers model number and look up the parts list get the original number of pump and google it. it will show the latest part available. Hope this helps you.
I would try to find the actual part number for machine you have and search for that. If the site or other sites like Whirlpool say that this is the replacement part for the number you have, it probably is and is worth ordering from Amazon. These are standard pumps for Whirlpool, Maytag and others that have been retooled to decrease the chance of coins breaking the housing as I understand.
I have no idea. We have a Maytag. May be a universal part. Also see installation videos on YouTube.
The bellow part # you need is 8181850
This was a simple repair. It took approximately 15 min to do with a screwdriver and a small socket wrench. Just follow link to the instructional video below. http://video.search.yahoo.com/video/play;_ylt=A2KLqINeQyNU9QIAcBz7w8QF;_ylu=X3oDMTByMjBzZmhtBHNlYwNzcgRzbGsDdmlkBHZ0aWQDBGdwb3MDNg--?p=how+to+replace+whirlpool+duet+washer+bellow&vid=60588243de463bebf52b71c73c11339e&l=5%3A06&turl=http%3A%2F%2Fts1.mm.bing.net%2Fth%3Fid%3DVN.608003469167035432%26pid%3D15.1&rurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DEFDqUvBgxH4&tit=Door+Boot+Seal+Replacement+%28part+%238182119%29+-+Duet%2F+HE3+Washer+Repair&c=5&sigr=11a01vr3m&sigt=124mu3307&age=91191100550&&tt=b
Yes, this will work on your model
No you need part number W10111435
I would say yes My washer is a GHW9400 Duet Whirlpool washer is the same size as your if I looked it up correctly It should work
The model number you have provided is for a Whirlpool Duet Dryer. Find info here: http://www.whirlpool.com/digitalassets/MLPDF/Use%20and%20Care%20Guide%20-%208578185.pdf The bellows sold on Amazon is for a washing machine. The
We allready got a new one
I'm sorry... I just don't know. Good Luck.
The model number on my 2006 whirlpool Is GHW9400PL2 duet HT also look at how the soap enter the washer The gasket cover the tube for the soap dispenser . Look at the photo . The tube is cover and it come in on the upper left side facing the washer. I hope this infor helps you
"Overall unit is 25""L x 10""W, heating surface is 23""W x 8""W. Heats quickly and hold the heat for approx. 1 hour."
Yes the cord is removable.
It's automatic. As soon as you unplug it the unit stays hot for one hour. There is no on off switch
"Overall unit is 25""L x 10""W, heating surface is 23""W x 8""W. Heats quickly and hold the heat for approx. 1 hour"
No it is not it's only 120V...
Not really sure what bottom freezer model you have - I googled my serial number to find the part number - BTW _ it was easy to install.
No. This is for models that start with rf266
Yes it's am exact fit for that model. I have that model fridge and the bottom drawer ice maker died after about 2 years of use. It's a quick replacement, couple screws and its a perfect fit. Also is way cheaper than a repair service. Most I called charged a $75 service fee not including parts and labor for the repair. Hope this helps!!
It was easy to install and has worked perfectly since. Good luck!
The DA97-07603A ice maker works on my model that has a lower freezer ice maker. I have a upper and lower ice maker and I think they are different, I don't want to take apart to see. The RS2534 is a side by side.
I don't think so. Your refrigerator appears to have the ice maker in the door and the pictures on the Samsung website don't match this model. This ice maker goes in the bottom compartment under the two doors.
Yes it works perfectly for that model. That is the one I used it for.
I really don't know -- best thing to do would be to contact your Samsung dealer with your model number and/or your original part number. Also, in Amazon description, it might tell you there as well.
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately we do not have upgraded shipping options. Your order is shipping UPS ground out of our Kentucky warehouse. If you provide your order # we can get your tracking info.
This is part DA97-07603A, it replaces the original part DA97-07603B. It actually works better than DA97-07603B as they changed the design. There are a few reviews that discuss the design change
Yes it performs very well like brand filter which is close to about $40 price. When I got them in my mail box, they were bent and doesn't Falwell in the slot tight. However, I can live with the permomance vs the price ratio and they are really good quality filters. I am happy with the purchase
Just 1
For non ducted yes....charcoal in the filter no.
It does. That's what I used it for
This is a part number that has been discontinued The only way I could help is with the dimensions of this filter
Yes this is a charcoal filter
My first answer: buy another, they're inexpensive. But if you want to clean none, run hot water and use a degreasing detergent, and soak it an hour, scrub it, rinse it. Seriously, save the trouble and buy a new one.
Over time the flapper warps and allow warm air into the refrigerator through the ice door. This causes frost to develop and results in the ice plugging the exit. Replacing the flapper is the cure and it is easy to do. There are videos on line that show how to do this step by step. Hope this helps you.
The flapper has the white plastic piece on one side to attach the flapper to the arm. The other side is black and rubbery. I don't see anything about old vs. new. Just check if the part says it's suitable for your model.
Wednesday or Thursday w/ standard shipping. Other sellers delivery times may vary.
Its fairly easy. Remove the trim around the compartment, then unsnap the panel. Then replace the flapper. Make sure to clean and lube the solenoid.
Sorry, I don't know. You might check with Sears.
The serial number tah says it was made in Germany
If you leave the door slightly open and the detergent tray pulled out so each can dry, and if you are conscientious about monthly cleanings as directed, you should not have a problem with odor.
When I had this problem it was a motor issue. All I could do was call for repair and replace motor. Good luck
"Go a minimum of 18"". I would put the largest pot you have on the cooktop and make sure you have adequate clearance to see in & stir"
I don't think so. It has a vent that opens to the inside of the house when the unit is turned on and then closes when the cooking cycle is complete. The strip across the top is the vent that opens to the inside. Mine vents to the outside so I didn't have to address this. You might go to the same model number installation instructions PDF at Whirlpool's website for a better answer.
yes it does, bright and night light.
Yes
It is a rectanglur vent that needs an adapter to conform to the tublar of standard openings.
The electric valve that controls water level in ice maker put too much water in the tray which made it too hard to turn the prongs that dump the ice. I replaced that valve and that cured the problem.
I do not know. How did you come to this conclusion?
I don't think so. We just removed the old ice maker, plugged in the electrical and screwed the new ice maker into the place. Didn't come with the wire that turns it off or on either.
I have looked up your model Norcold 1200LRIM and it shows the Norcold 633324 Ice Maker Service Kit as the replacement part. You can also contact Norcold tech direct at 800-543-1219.
Yes, This will fit your Norcold1200LRIM refrigerator. You have anymore questions please feel free to contact me any time.
Same size
Ref/Freezer F1901Vi, but I don't think it matters. Miele uses the same filter for all their refrigerators as far as I can tell.
Yes it is NSF/ANSI mos 42 07134220
Yes.
I have a different freezer model so I'm not sure. Here is a link to the Miele guide for that model: http://www.mieleusa.com/manuals_pdf/Residential/Cooling/Refrigerator-Freezers/KF1801Vi_us.pdf Good luck!
I have a 1911KF Vi and it is comparable with my awesome frig. Both the 1901 and 1911 look similar. I would call meile.
Hi Benjamin, Yes, this is the right filter. And follow the instruction on how to reset the filter change. Good luck!
"Yes, this should fit your model ""frs6hr5hsb5"" refrigerator. The Frigidaire WF1CB filter replaces the following models: 46-9906, 46-9910 FRRF-100, WF1CB, WF284, WFCB, WSF-1, WSF-4 04609906000, 04609910000 218657600, 218657701, 218710901, 218710902, 218717805, 218732306, 218904501, 218904602, 218907800, 218994101, 240389101 46-9906P, 46-9910P, 4609906000, 4609910000, 469906, 469906P, 469910, 469910P 5303917752, 5303917836, 5303917937, 5303918017 9906, 9906P, 9910, 9910P AP2539088, AP2591529 FRRF100 NGRG-100, NGRG-2000, NGRG100 PS503619, PS503627, PS890550, PS898866 RC-101, RC-200, RC-900, RC101, RC200, RC900, RF-200 SGF-W1CB-SW, SGF-WCB-SW, SWF1CB, SWFCB WF-284, WFB"
Buy the ones on offer at Amazon! They are the real thing .....
Probably not, because it is not made for your brand. Go on youtube and view the video that shows this one being installed. It has a good view of the receptacle for which it is designed (in the top right hand of the inside of the refrigerator) and it is unique to this product. If yours does not have the same set-up, I am pretty sure it will not fit.
Read your manual or go on line for your type of Fridge. They will tell you exactly which filter to use. Most probably, it does, but make sure first!
Yes, this is one of a number of exact factory replacement filters for your model FRS3HR35KSO Frigidaire refrigerator.
According to Filtersfast.com website Frigidare Refrigerator Model FRS6R5ESBC used replacement part Frigidare WF1CB PureSource Water Filter RG-100. So I believe these would work for you. They have worked great for me.
Yes
"If you check the description on the ""used"" item, it is actually new in open packaging. Amazon is very strict on what can be considered new, and anything opened or damaged isn't new and has to be sold under another condition. As for the pricing, either that is the cheapest they want to sell it for, or other sellers listed theirs after the ""used"" piece was listed. Sellers have to manually adjust pricing unless they pay for certain software, and if you have a large inventory it can be time consuming."
Takes Filter WF1CB. RG100 Pure Source according to Google
I found the image and checked that way. It was easy to install. The hardest part was removing the casing that hangs it in the back of the fridge (it can be difficult to unscrew).
one is sold by amazon (single pack), the other (3x pack) is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price.
My order came with the b model as indicated. I did not have any trouble with the order.
The 6 months is an estimate. The specs inform the cartridge should be replaced after 300 gallons.
the amount of elements which are removed. The cheaper one takes out just chlorine, the more expensive one about 40 trace elements.
Unfortunately, I think I do know the source of your problem. In August last year I purchased three filters from a vendor on Amazon. When I received them I noticed a few aspects that were different. The caps were red not blue; the filters were shrink wrapped rather than the usual cardboard container and; there were product information sheets enclosed. I contacted the vendor and he offered to accept the filters in return and refund the purchase. Since he seemed willing to stand behind his product, I kept the filters. About 5 weeks later I needed to replace the filter. When I installed the new one and tried to flush water through it I discovered the same phenomenon that you describing: I believe what both you and I saw is activated charcoal which being released. I would return the filter immediately. I was impressed with the integrity of the vendor that sold me the defective filters (I think the company name was something like Tune to Music). I emailed them immediately after installing the defective filter. He responded immediately by crediting my charge card and saying I did not need to return the filters. He explained that they were purchased from a supplier that for other reasons he was no longer affiliated with. I assumed that he got burned with defective merchandise from that vendor but made good on our transaction! In the past these filters had been in stock at Amazon and I never had a problem with them. When I replaced the defective filters, I again ordered from Amazon and the vendor actually filling the order was AtoZSales. The filters were LG OEM and exactly what I expected!
Sorry I don't know I have a LG fridge
I have the LG and these filters are pretty specific. I can't imagine an LG filter fitting into a Kenmore.
"I have ordered this item a couple of times. Both times I checked the packaging to insure that it was actually the ""B"" filters that shipped. In both cases it was. I personally have not been affected by the bait and switch. Make sure you check when you get the product."
A and B are interchangeable, but B is new and improved and filters more out than A.
one is sold by amazon (single pack), the other (3x pack) is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price.
My order came with the b model as indicated. I did not have any trouble with the order.
The 6 months is an estimate. The specs inform the cartridge should be replaced after 300 gallons.
the amount of elements which are removed. The cheaper one takes out just chlorine, the more expensive one about 40 trace elements.
Unfortunately, I think I do know the source of your problem. In August last year I purchased three filters from a vendor on Amazon. When I received them I noticed a few aspects that were different. The caps were red not blue; the filters were shrink wrapped rather than the usual cardboard container and; there were product information sheets enclosed. I contacted the vendor and he offered to accept the filters in return and refund the purchase. Since he seemed willing to stand behind his product, I kept the filters. About 5 weeks later I needed to replace the filter. When I installed the new one and tried to flush water through it I discovered the same phenomenon that you describing: I believe what both you and I saw is activated charcoal which being released. I would return the filter immediately. I was impressed with the integrity of the vendor that sold me the defective filters (I think the company name was something like Tune to Music). I emailed them immediately after installing the defective filter. He responded immediately by crediting my charge card and saying I did not need to return the filters. He explained that they were purchased from a supplier that for other reasons he was no longer affiliated with. I assumed that he got burned with defective merchandise from that vendor but made good on our transaction! In the past these filters had been in stock at Amazon and I never had a problem with them. When I replaced the defective filters, I again ordered from Amazon and the vendor actually filling the order was AtoZSales. The filters were LG OEM and exactly what I expected!
Sorry I don't know I have a LG fridge
I have the LG and these filters are pretty specific. I can't imagine an LG filter fitting into a Kenmore.
"I have ordered this item a couple of times. Both times I checked the packaging to insure that it was actually the ""B"" filters that shipped. In both cases it was. I personally have not been affected by the bait and switch. Make sure you check when you get the product."
A and B are interchangeable, but B is new and improved and filters more out than A.
one is sold by amazon (single pack), the other (3x pack) is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price.
My order came with the b model as indicated. I did not have any trouble with the order.
The 6 months is an estimate. The specs inform the cartridge should be replaced after 300 gallons.
the amount of elements which are removed. The cheaper one takes out just chlorine, the more expensive one about 40 trace elements.
Unfortunately, I think I do know the source of your problem. In August last year I purchased three filters from a vendor on Amazon. When I received them I noticed a few aspects that were different. The caps were red not blue; the filters were shrink wrapped rather than the usual cardboard container and; there were product information sheets enclosed. I contacted the vendor and he offered to accept the filters in return and refund the purchase. Since he seemed willing to stand behind his product, I kept the filters. About 5 weeks later I needed to replace the filter. When I installed the new one and tried to flush water through it I discovered the same phenomenon that you describing: I believe what both you and I saw is activated charcoal which being released. I would return the filter immediately. I was impressed with the integrity of the vendor that sold me the defective filters (I think the company name was something like Tune to Music). I emailed them immediately after installing the defective filter. He responded immediately by crediting my charge card and saying I did not need to return the filters. He explained that they were purchased from a supplier that for other reasons he was no longer affiliated with. I assumed that he got burned with defective merchandise from that vendor but made good on our transaction! In the past these filters had been in stock at Amazon and I never had a problem with them. When I replaced the defective filters, I again ordered from Amazon and the vendor actually filling the order was AtoZSales. The filters were LG OEM and exactly what I expected!
Sorry I don't know I have a LG fridge
I have the LG and these filters are pretty specific. I can't imagine an LG filter fitting into a Kenmore.
"I have ordered this item a couple of times. Both times I checked the packaging to insure that it was actually the ""B"" filters that shipped. In both cases it was. I personally have not been affected by the bait and switch. Make sure you check when you get the product."
A and B are interchangeable, but B is new and improved and filters more out than A.
"Yes, this should fit your model ""frs6hr5hsb5"" refrigerator. The Frigidaire WF1CB filter replaces the following models: 46-9906, 46-9910 FRRF-100, WF1CB, WF284, WFCB, WSF-1, WSF-4 04609906000, 04609910000 218657600, 218657701, 218710901, 218710902, 218717805, 218732306, 218904501, 218904602, 218907800, 218994101, 240389101 46-9906P, 46-9910P, 4609906000, 4609910000, 469906, 469906P, 469910, 469910P 5303917752, 5303917836, 5303917937, 5303918017 9906, 9906P, 9910, 9910P AP2539088, AP2591529 FRRF100 NGRG-100, NGRG-2000, NGRG100 PS503619, PS503627, PS890550, PS898866 RC-101, RC-200, RC-900, RC101, RC200, RC900, RF-200 SGF-W1CB-SW, SGF-WCB-SW, SWF1CB, SWFCB WF-284, WFB"
Buy the ones on offer at Amazon! They are the real thing .....
Probably not, because it is not made for your brand. Go on youtube and view the video that shows this one being installed. It has a good view of the receptacle for which it is designed (in the top right hand of the inside of the refrigerator) and it is unique to this product. If yours does not have the same set-up, I am pretty sure it will not fit.
Read your manual or go on line for your type of Fridge. They will tell you exactly which filter to use. Most probably, it does, but make sure first!
Yes, this is one of a number of exact factory replacement filters for your model FRS3HR35KSO Frigidaire refrigerator.
According to Filtersfast.com website Frigidare Refrigerator Model FRS6R5ESBC used replacement part Frigidare WF1CB PureSource Water Filter RG-100. So I believe these would work for you. They have worked great for me.
Yes
"If you check the description on the ""used"" item, it is actually new in open packaging. Amazon is very strict on what can be considered new, and anything opened or damaged isn't new and has to be sold under another condition. As for the pricing, either that is the cheapest they want to sell it for, or other sellers listed theirs after the ""used"" piece was listed. Sellers have to manually adjust pricing unless they pay for certain software, and if you have a large inventory it can be time consuming."
Takes Filter WF1CB. RG100 Pure Source according to Google
I found the image and checked that way. It was easy to install. The hardest part was removing the casing that hangs it in the back of the fridge (it can be difficult to unscrew).
On the LG site I found the following chart that confirms the LG LT500P filter fits your model. LT500P Compatibility The LT500P is compatible with the following LG refrigerators. LFX25973SB, LFX25973ST, LFX25973SW LFX25974SB, LFX25974ST, LFX25974SW LSC21943ST LSC23924SB, LSC23924ST, LSC23924SW LSC27910SB, LSC27910ST, LSC27910SW, LSC27910TT LSC27914SB, LSC27914ST, LSC27914SW LSC27921SB, LSC27921ST, LSC27921SW, LSC27921TT LSC27925SB, LSC27925ST, LSC27925SW
It replaces 5231JA2002A for model 5231JA2002A-S, check your old filter and it should say one of those numbers above
"Yes, I work for Sears, and this filter is an exact duplicate of the 9890 Kenmore filter (if your particular side by side is made by LG for Kenmore, like mine. You can tell if your model number first starts with ""795""). Be wary that some Kenmore side by side fridges are made by Whirlpool (""110"" and ""106"") as well, and in those cases, this filter will not work."
No
We have this filter in our LG fridge. It says 500 capacity on the side of the filter. It works just fine. We haven't had any issues.
"I'm not quite sure whether it's compatible with Kenmore part. On the package it says ""L.G. Part No. ADQ72910901 (interchangeable with 5231JA2002A)"
Yes. I believe LG part 5231JA2003A is same as LT500P
No just take out the old one and screw in the new one. There will be a little water drops but not much. We just put a paper towel under it during the change out and have no issues.
You will need to find the manual for this refrigerator online and research what filter they recommend. My refrigerator is a side-by-side so they are completely different.
On the LG site I found the following chart that confirms the LG LT500P filter fits your model. LT500P Compatibility The LT500P is compatible with the following LG refrigerators. LFX25973SB, LFX25973ST, LFX25973SW LFX25974SB, LFX25974ST, LFX25974SW LSC21943ST LSC23924SB, LSC23924ST, LSC23924SW LSC27910SB, LSC27910ST, LSC27910SW, LSC27910TT LSC27914SB, LSC27914ST, LSC27914SW LSC27921SB, LSC27921ST, LSC27921SW, LSC27921TT LSC27925SB, LSC27925ST, LSC27925SW
It replaces 5231JA2002A for model 5231JA2002A-S, check your old filter and it should say one of those numbers above
"Yes, I work for Sears, and this filter is an exact duplicate of the 9890 Kenmore filter (if your particular side by side is made by LG for Kenmore, like mine. You can tell if your model number first starts with ""795""). Be wary that some Kenmore side by side fridges are made by Whirlpool (""110"" and ""106"") as well, and in those cases, this filter will not work."
No
We have this filter in our LG fridge. It says 500 capacity on the side of the filter. It works just fine. We haven't had any issues.
"I'm not quite sure whether it's compatible with Kenmore part. On the package it says ""L.G. Part No. ADQ72910901 (interchangeable with 5231JA2002A)"
Yes. I believe LG part 5231JA2003A is same as LT500P
No just take out the old one and screw in the new one. There will be a little water drops but not much. We just put a paper towel under it during the change out and have no issues.
You will need to find the manual for this refrigerator online and research what filter they recommend. My refrigerator is a side-by-side so they are completely different.
It did not look even vaguely like it was refurbished. I know mine was brand new. Can't help about warranty questions; I never needed it.
Yes
No, it's structure wouldn't allow that. I think you'd have to build an angled box that provided a level place on the ceiling to mount it.
Sorry, I don't get your question. I purchased new unit and installed it last October. It is still pretty new so I don't have replacement any parts.
Yes
"30 to 48 inches. I have it in a 8ft kitchen and occasionally but my head but I'm 6'3"". I have had it a year now with no problems. Install is a two person job..."
"The bottom row won't take plates any bigger than 10"". They will hit the upper spraying arms. Our dinner plates are about 10.5"" round and I have to hand wash them."
Unfortunately, i can't solve your problem, I have had no issues, nor needed repair on this dishwasher. Chances are you need to replace the dispenser or part broken- look for part numbers, then contact customer support. If you aren't savey with repairs you'll need to call out a tech.
Yes they are adjustable on the bottom rack.
"Yes- the dishwasher turns off automatically after cycle has finished. It will also intermediatley ""beep"" softly to let you know the dishes are done. The DDW1899bLS-1 is THE SAME EXACT Machine. The only difference is a better warranty than I got plus very small hardware changes not important enough to mention. I have had this machine 2 years now and it performs as well as any high end dish washer in its compact design. Possibly the best option like this on the market today for quality and price point. To me this machine provides the best sanitation and cleanliness for the kitchen. It's not one of those things you should skimp on like cabinets or fridge"
Shane as well built as this is, it would not withstand public use. It is a small tough washer for home use only. Would not recommend for business application. Nor do I believe it is nfs rated. You need a commercial rated pan washer, and even those break down. Unfortunately these days you get what you pay for. And for what you are looking for May cost you much more than this item. Home use only.
Not sure but if the washer works great as it has been doing, after 20 years I am tossing it in the junk.
old copper tube is fine as long as you have compression fittings on it but it is just easier to use the new braided s.s. lines for convenience if you have any issues with the dishwasher. also if you move the unit around a lot flexible lines are always better
I Caroline. I absolutely love this little dishwasher for the mobile home we use in Arizona. It can't take super large plates like my other dishwasher, but it can easily accommodate eight 'normal' dinner-sized plates no problem
Check the kitchen aid site. For photos. I had to order 3 to find one that fit. Good luck!!
Kudo 2IRBS2 is the model I . But I had heard they used a lot of the same parts, but the truth is I don't know.
no idea I ordered several kinds to figure it out and returned the others
no idea. I ended up ordering the wrong one first and had to return it.
Physically yes. There was an electrical connection difference but they gave clear instructions on what to do. It wasn't hard. I was satisfied.
If the connectors are the same, you need not change anything, just plug in the new motor. If they are not the same there should have been a re-wire instructions in the box.
I visited several appliance repair and supplier sites looking for the model and part numbers for interchangeability. It appears that the replacement motors apply to many units. Instructions should have info about any particular wiring changes which will permit use in your unit. It was fairly straight forward.
Steve my understanding is that this replacement motor is rather universal but I am not sure if it will fit your application. Did the info list your model as a suitable candidate ? Sam
I used only the motor mounts. I couldn't find them anywhere.
No
I can u have u the correct motor for $175.00 if u are interested let meknow and I will post it.
"I don't know this but this motor was NOT the correct one for my Kenmore ""Elite"" dryer so be sure to check that. The dryer repair person was able to adapt this motor to fit my Kenmore Elite dryer, and it works well so far."
it fits on 1/2 barrels of Coors light
Other than some drill bits you need nothing else. I was able to install the kit in approx 15 mins. Just make sure your leg is in your fridge 24 to 48 hours before you start pouring.
Exactly 4 1/2 inches
You can put the spout anywhere you want. Just need to be careful of refrigerator coolant lines that are not on the door, typically only on back. also.
yes its a totally separate piece. I just drilled two holes in the one that was supplied.
No. You can not ship compressed air tanks full.
All I can say is buyer beware. My regulator was bad when it arrived. I ended up buying me regulator locally
Absolutely that is what I have and it snaps right on.
No, you will have to have the Co2 tank filled on your own. Cost about $15 to fill it and should last for 5-7, 1/4 to 1/2 kegs.
Yeah that's all you'll need to do
"This is just and estimate, but I would say like 30"" wide by 16"" deep and 10"" tall. This is just a guess, as I no longer have the box. It is all packaged very neatly, not a huge box, but not a small one either. Sorry best I can do"
I would say it is 15lb to 20lbs.
Hello, Thank you for your email. We currently do not ship outside of the United States. Please let me know if there is anything further I can assist you with. Best Wishes, Arielle Beverage Factory 800.710.9939
"It's hard to answer this question because I do not recall what the ""description"" said when I purchased this product last fall. However, the item(s) I received when I purchased this DO work for a standard keg that you would buy at a liquor store for a party (sanke keg is the technical term I think?). But now as I read the description it specifies ""ball lock"" is included which makes me believe it would only work on corny kegs (old pop kegs used for home brewing...) which is what I use this for. I just needed to spend an extra $10 on the ball lock assembly to convert it. However if you WANTED a party keg attachment instead of ball lock, (assuming the description is correct and you DO receive ball locks) I'm not sure how much that would cost in addition. Not sure if this helps at all, but 6 months ago when I bought this I received a party-keg set up.. Haven't used it for a party keg yet but sure is nice to have the option I guess."
My regulator arrived broken. Ended up purchasing a new one at local welding gas place. Check Midwest supplies or northern brewer for competitive prices.
Lindy, why don't you go to their website and get the answer? Here it is http://www.iccsafe.org/Pages/default.aspx
If I understand the question (pos meaning position), the unit has rubber feet so I believe it is intended to be upright when running. If you are wondering if it can be installed anywhere along the discharge line from the dryer exit to where the line exits the house, I would guess it would work where you want to install it. You do need power close enough to the electric cord with is probably close to 6 feet. I would suggest installing close to the dryer, if only do you know if it is running when the dryer is on.
Not a clue as I never heard one go off (didn't even know it had one). Sorry ...
Yes. No problem.
I do not know. I have a 32 foot run beyond the blower with (2) 90 degree bends. It blows hard enough to kill the foliage on a hemlock shrub 6 feet from the discharge ( with a 30 degree cap ) ! It is effective !! DAN
The device runs on a pressure switch that senses increased air pressure in the exhaust line when the dryer comes on. The booster then starts up and shuts off when the dryer turns off.
Hi Cory, This device ADDS to the dryer own venting system and adds more air pressure to blow ow the moist air and lint. The device has a built in sensor that turns the devise's own motor on when ever the dryer is operating--I'm *Blowing to over 25 feet to my dryers outlet. the device makes the Dryers run-time shorter and saves electric and natural gas
Yes they are Ds.
Yes, but knobs are cheap made, I have replaced over ten knobs in last 4 years
Yes
They are D shaped and they are perfect on my jenn air range (full oven/range combo)should be consistent- hope this helps - they look better than other replacements I have tried.
Yup! Midrange hadD shaped shafts and these fit perfectly. Btw....way better quality than those that came with our range.
One. But, they are way better than the 4 for $6 ones you get at the hardware store. These are actually better than the originals that came with my jenn air range. Look great, snug fit and actually work.
Mine was on the left inside edge of the dishwasher when you open the door. Kind of the frame of the inside of the dishwasher. I noticed that mine is starting to come off so maybe that's why you can't find it. These should be put on better than that.
It might be but I really couldn't say 100% for sure. Check with the model number you have as it may be a compatible model to our Whirlpool, as I believe they are made by the same company.
I have a Kenmore 655.17519201. It fits exactly only it's a different color. I hope that helps.
19inches long, 3 1/2 inches wide and the two side baskets are 5 1/2 inches tall and the middle basket is 8 1/2 inches tall
9 3/4 in. long by 3 3/4 in. wide
Yes it is. Fits perfectly.
my dishwasher is a kenmore from sears made by whirlpool. I searched on line to make my match.
They will fall through. Anyway this goes in the lower rack, where plastic shouldn't go.
Yes the 3 bins can be separated. The main center bin is largest but it's not 19 in. I'm guessing 19 is for all 3 together.
I would measure the one I have or if it's missing the space it goes into. The dimensions must be listed in the information provided on the item. This is what I did when I ordered mine and it fit perfectly.
Yes, that is the correct one.
Honestly I do not know. I purchased it to replace the bottom element in the bottom element in the top oven of a Frigidaire Deluxe.
I bought one as pictured its 13 1/2 x 17 1/4. Easily installed has worked great.
I am not sure what my model number is but it is a frigidare wall oven.... I basically looked at the shape of the original and found this and it worked great! sorry i coulnt help more...when i go home i can see if i can find the model# if there is a way for me to reply again...
Not sure, Look up the model number on the manufactures website and cross reference the element in your oven to the one your interested in, good luck.
I am not sure if it will or not. It did for ours, but we had a different model.
Ventless and the heat sensor if not vented properly will fail which makes Maint high. I don't recommend.
Dear Denise, According to LG the stacking kit is included with the Dryer. Please feel free to call us at 888-768-1710 if you have any other questions.
Didn't order anything extra. My contractor just set it to drain where the old dryer did.
Yes, This dryer takes 220 volt power. You will need to purchace a power cord with a 3 or four prong, depending which outlet you have.
This dryer will need a 220v outlet. You will need to purchase either a 4-prong or 3-prong dryer cord depending on your outlet.
"According to the manufacturer's website they are professional grade control knobs made of ""weighted plastic""."
Yes, there is a conversion valve that comes with the stove
The two piece cast iron racks that hold the cooking pots and skillets above the burner are heavier duty that others. This unit is well made and I am confident you will be happy with it. The two piece cast iron racks make it easier to clean also.
I don't recall exactly, but I believe the unit can extend to 10 feet tall ceiling. You can, whoever buy an extention kit with the unit. I purchased the ventless unit and ordered the charcoal filters with it. The kit comes with 2 filters, and 1 last about a year with average use. I love it!
As long as you can anchor to at least one stud and then used heavy duty drywall anchors for the other attachment points you should be ok. The unit is light weight but the glass does add to the overall weight to a point.
Not sure but I think the sheet metal will extend for a nine foot ceiling...
it goes straight up
It includes everything to duct to an outside duct presuming it is being attached to an existing outside duct. Meaning the outside flang is not included.
a small amount of 6in flex duct comes with the hood. It has a butterfly on the hood next to the motor. No additional duct work comes with the product. I recommend purchasing 6in duct work from your local hardware store and using solid medal. It increase the air flow by reducing resistance and prevent grease build up.
Hangs on wall....
I don't think so. It is 30 inches wide.
Doesn't need constant cleaning - wife cleans once a month
Lights are in the back. They are adequate but not bright in my opinion and the light is very white rather than warm. Hope that helps.
I purchased one about three years ago. I have had absolutist no problems with it and I love it. If you are a serious cook, you will love it as well. I love the way I can control the heat of the range and I believe it rivals any gas cook top. I would much prefer the cook top of this range to a gas cook top as the solid surface is easy to maintain, it has warning signals if something boils over and nothing heats up if a pan is not on the surface. I have a very powerful microwave and have done a head to head comparison of bringing water to a boil. This range beats the microwave hands down. In fact, your cooking style will change due to the rapid pace of heating. I love the control I have when making heat sensitive dishes such as gravies, stove top custards and dishes that require high control of heat. The first couple weeks I kept calling my wife over to look at how much better things were cooking up. The ovens are excellent as well. I have not used the lower oven much at all but it would be handy if you are cooking for a large group or need to keep something warm while something else occupies the large oven. Some cool unexpected things regarding this oven is it can be used as a food dryer as well as to proof bread (low heat for yeast breads to rise). The oven has more controls than any mere mortal would ever use. It actually has certain modes for some religious holidays; not making that up. I have seen no downside to the ovens. They are awesome. After three years of use, I truly see no down side to this range at all. I understand that there is a range out there now that will heat a pan no matter where it is placed on the surface. I guess that would be cool but probably would not change the way I cook at all. I highly suggest this range. It would get 6 stars on a 5 star scale.
"Maybe. If you have flat counters like granite then it might work. The edge if your counter may need to be flat and not curve up too. There may be accessories to accommodate the curve but you'd have check on electrolux's website. There should be a fitment guide pdf guide there. The main concern is the slide in is designed slide over the counter so its nearly flush with the counter. If you have tile with a round edge on the left and right if the stove you won't be able to get the stove top flat with the counters and it won't look right. Even if you satisfy the flat countertop requirement, you will ideally want a small strip of countertop behind the stove to fill the gap between the backsplash and the back of the stove. Slide in ranges are designed to look like counter top stoves and the trim piece on the stove is designed to be flush with the countertop on 3 sides (left, behind, right). Although I've seen optional accessories for placing a ""dummy"" filler piece behind the stove to fill the gap on back, you'd have to check the website or ask an appliance retailer. With all that being said, I would just buy the Electrolux free standing induction version if that is the stove/counter configuration you have now. It will be a direct replacement. Check electrolux's website."
I purchased an extended warranty through Sears. We love the stove. It is an outstanding product and the induction technology is amazing.
it's a little weird. There are two of them, one above the other. just touch it and type the minutes then either touch it again or his start, I forget. It will not shut off the oven, it's just a timer and it's not that loud. I prefer the one on my iphone.
I had the E15 problem. The range would do nothing but beep in an annoying tone. E15 is not something that most owners can take care of. I called the tech from Sears, who replaced a circuit board and it started working again. The way it looks, E15 can be caused by a range of issues. Only a qualified tech can find out the real problem, and fix it. As I have said before, purchase the extended warranty for this range - chances are very high that you will need it. FWIW, this range is an absolute delight to work with when it works (That is my way of saying it is aggravating when it doesn't.)
Works great, I had no problems with it.
Yes, the dryer portion has the option to dry after washing and rinsing or rinsing and drying without the wash. But it also has dry only which btw is by steam so it does take out wrinkles. I have not used it in this manner before as I usually wash, rinse and dry. Oh, it also does have a wash/rinse without drying for things that you would need to hang dry. It is a pretty sweet unit and have not had any proplems after two years.
Yes, it came with everything needed to set it up; even a special wrench to work specifically on the set up of the combo. The only extra thing you'll need to make sure you have on-hand is the HE (high efficiency) detergent. Oh, and dryer sheets don't work; you'll need a liquid softener if you use the stuff.
No, I think it's way too large to be called portable. Also, it needs stability or it vibrates badly. Got to tell you I love the machine though!
Have read about these & would love to get one. I live in an old house (100+yrs) & I'm concerned about: 1.) the need for a level floor, and 2.) more importantly, the amount of vibration. I can just imagine the whole house shaking. Does anyone have experience or suggestions dealing with either issue?
7/8 inch
Yes, you can program it to immediately dry after the wash cycle is done.
No. It drains through the drain hose into a drain pipe just like a regular washer. This includes the dryer condensate. The only time you will have water POSSIBLY draining onto the floor would be when cleaning the filter. About a quart of water drains from the filter. I use a large rond pan that is about 1 1/2 inches high to catch that water when I clean the filter.
From the time I put in load to taking out dry anywhere between 1 1/2 - 3 hours, depending on cycle.
15.5 inches from floor to bottom of opening.
No but you can somewhat duplicate this function by running a quick wash cycle (set SOIL LEVEL to light) with drying. I've done this. Or you can run a dry-only cycle with a wet towel inside.
20 watt
This is the correct bulb but be warned, they are packaged very poorly. When the (2) bulbs I ordered arrived they were both in a small plastic ziplock bag without separation, causing damage to one and thus unusable.
Yes but difficult to replace
No, it's for the under microwave, above range light.
Sorry I have no idea. You need to read your manual to find out.
I'm not sure. I think if you call the manufacturer they should be able to tell you if that part would fit your stove. They will ask for like a serial number or something.
It fits my XL44, ~1999-2000
I used this item on a Hotpoint.
Set of two
So, I quick checked the replacement I purchased on Amazon and there were no markings specifying a branding. However, I checked it against my other burner assembly (the one which is original to my oven) and it is exactly identical to the original (similar markings on the bottom with 2-two digit numbers and the same notches, circles, etc). Just a word of advice as far as purchasing this...I can see a number of sellers on this page currently. Amazon would not sell a product with GE labeling without it actually being a GE product. You should be safe if you buy it directly from Amazon as a seller. I bought mine from Amazon and have been very happy with it.
From what I've seen/read an element is an element! I can't complain for the price. This has been working flawlessly for months now!
Yes hot point is made by GE
I'm not sure
try contact the seller by clicking on the link and see if there is a cross reference to your part number.
I have no idea what else it fits besides my Kenmore. As I searched for the part, I did see where it would fit many other brands. I just searched it on google. I had the documentation from my stove on hand and just found the part # and searched for it.
Best thing I can tell you is get on the sears website and look up the part number. Put that part number in the Amazon search and the correct part will show up. That's what I did. The part number is different from mine but it was the same part. If you need anything else or have more questions let me know! Hope I helped you!
i believe the first one it fit into my oven dont know what the second one is
"it depends on the measurement .... this one is 18"" at its longest front to back ..... 15 inches side to side ....ends are 4 inches outside measurement.....2 x 3/4 inside and are not bent"
Yes, that is what I bought it for and it worked fine.
I am not an expert, but this element doesn't look like the ones for either oven in the parts manual. See the parts manual at http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/All-Parts/Range-Parts/Model-79079113202/0582/0122007/R0302522/00003?componentDescription=&brandDescription=&searchTerm= Good luck! WDN
My GE Range was a very similar model JBP24BOB4AD and the shape was exactly the same dimensions as given for this element. If this is true for your range I think it will fit. I've been using mine and it works great! For the money diffference on the GE site I think it's worth the gamble, not an expert but my guess this is probably the same unit. Just be careful not to let the electrical wire connectors retract into the holes! Hey! if I could install it you can too! Good Luck!!!
I have GE jbp24bob4wh and it worked perfect
The element has connectors that the wires slide onto. The only screws are two screws that fasten the element to the back of the inside of the stove. The element is identical to the original element in our stove. It was very easy to connect. Just be careful to not let the wires slip into the insulation inside the back of the stove as they could be very hard to find. I held onto them until I could clip them onto the element. I hope this helps. If you have any other question, or if something I wrote isn't clear, please write again and I'll try to help you.
the electrical connection bends up in the back,
"Hi Anna, my GE Model is JBP64SOH2SS..IM not sure it would fit yours but thought if you could find mine as compatible then yours should be too. In the end I typed my model/make and ""heating element"" and then a couple came up and I looked for one shaped like mine. The bottom element is actually the ""baking element""."
works fine
When I googled that model oven ge site said the part number for lower bake element is ap2030996 if you put that in amazon search bar you should get several buying options
I called GE and asked them what part I needed. They tried to sell me one for $75. Looked Amazon, typed in the part number. I'd recommend you do the same thing.
Yes
I would guess not because new ovens like mine has digital electronic processing. This sensor output is calibrated to send a temperature signal that the electronics understand. Your old oven probably does not have the same electronic processing and therefore would not read the temperature properly. Again this is my opinion, I could be wrong.
F3 code is when the thermocouple in the oven go out you can replace it just make sure you get the correct one there is a short and a long one Good Luck It's nothing to change just two screws and unplug the ole one and plug new one in and put the screws back easy easy
sorry i think there the same thing mine was a frigidaire and it was the same thing
This was the least expensive that we found. It comes with instructions if the bracket does not fit your oven and nuts that will be needed in that case. I am very happy with it; it is very accurate.
Depending on the age of your stove the problem you are facing seem, most likely, to be the sensor control. Have a qualified technician check it out before investing tons of money trying to solve the problem yourself.
it comes with two ceramic wire nuts, there was a molded connector but I have to cut it off for my stove
my oven will not reach the tempterature you set it for. do i need a oven sensor
Mine looks to be about 17 inches deep and 13 inches wide. It fits the GE P7 electric oven that looks like it is from the 1980's.
Just measure dimensions of broken element & as long as it is approximately same size it will work
Wgen we bought this element for the aame rwason u mention, we went to install the new element & found that the wiring to the connectors were broken and not making clean contact & were lucky we never had a fire. Replaced wires & old element works like new so we keep this one as a spare.
http://www.appliancezone.com/ShowProduct.aspx?ID=17936 has the wire rack as GE part no WB48X82. Unfortunately it costs $135. Maybe ebay has one. My previous answer assumed you wanted a heating element - sorry about that.
3.5 inches center to center. Same as my original.
No
No this is for the bottom only the top is a different shape and is available on Amazon
I am not sure however here is a link for the one I think you need: http://www.amazon.com/GE-WB44X5082-Element-Cleaning-Hotpoint/dp/B003BIGD40/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1416798158&sr=8-1&keywords=WB44X5082 this link is detail of part http://www.partselect.com/Models/RB525!2AN1/Parts/PS249466-GE-WB44X5082-Bake-Element-240V-2300W.htm?SourceCode=19&SearchTerm=&ModelNum=RB525*N1
Yes
It works on mine, self cleaning and all
That depends on the model. I use sears.com Parts to look and verify part numbers. Most appliance manufactures use FSP/Whirlpool parts, and if their price is reasonable you can buy directly from them or search Amozon. what is the model number of your Matag?
You need to check your refrigerators parts list. It came with your fridge or query it on line.
Not sure of the replacement number, but when I replced it, it was easy and worked. Saved me a lot doing myself.
the one i bought didnt fit either.it was supposed to
It worked in mine no problem but was a bit hard to install as it is the top one.
Not sure, you may want to google the question. But you need the correct kenmore model number.
I don't know. I ordered it from the model number from the stove for a rental house I own. The tenant installed it and it was correct for this stove. Sorry
I took the part that came up when I entered my number, which I no longer have handy. I would say if it looks right, it probably is. My GE is about 9 years old. This installed like a dream and is working just fine. It's also only about 25 o/o of the cost of the GE offered part.
It fitted my GE Spectra. Since it has 2 forward brace screws and plug screws they would seem to be critical issues. Sorry I can't be more specific.
i don't know for sure----------here is what i did, i called local repair place and asked for a price----at that time i asked for a part number which i recorded and i ordered from there. calling ge direct can get you a part number also and then match with element #. all the part numbers i asked for were for the element number only. to get them to give you part number tell them you have to talk with customer or wife on price and ask them for part number so you have it if you call back.. then go ahead and order from amazon. my local place was about $75 and amazon was about $25 and it fit and works perfect
No it will not. It is made specifically for hotpoint. You need to check with Amana to find the part that will fit your glass top stove...
I do not know but if you go to general electric website and put your model number in it will tell you the numbers required for your burners and then I found it much cheaper on amazon.
Hi Loretta. Yes, part# WB30T10045 is the element for the left front position on this GE model. Chris Houle Natural Gas Appliance CompanyJBP66DMBB
I found the information I needed by going to the GE website and searching in their archives. I had the same symptoms and after ordering and replacing I found the old burner had a 'blow out' in the coil preventing a complete circuit. It wasn't hard to replace, on my stove I had to open the oven door and undo a couple of screws on the stovetop lip and raise it like a car hood. I would recommend taking pictures of the old unit showing the screw locations and wire locations as this makes it easier to replace everything. The replacement part mounting hole number were off but thanks to the picture I replaced it in same location.
Hello Gina, my recommendation is go to www.repairclinic.com and with your stove model you will find the item who work with your stove. And to resolve your question YES, it works with that model.
Hello, yes it will. I cross referenced the part numbers and part number GE WB30T10045 will work for Hotpoint #RB790SH2SA
Good morning. You will need to buy the 6.5 only if it is damage otherwise you don't need to get one. Each burner is individual from each other. The burner woks great. 1/advice. Wait until you have the burner to take out the damage one, that is because of the wires, they do not ecpecifie where they go. Thanks
i be leave so
I am not sure, probably 2000.
Do a cross reference appliciance parts .com. The website gives a schematic of the parts in question.
yes it will. very easy to change out.
I am not sure if it will fit or not.I ordered this and had to return because it wasn't what I needed after I ordered it.
Hi - The thermostat for this model shows no longer available . I do not think our thermostat will work for your model Sorry - John
I am not familiar with your model number, pull out the old switch and compare, if the look alike most likely it will fit, these companies use interchangeable parts for the part. you may also ask the seller.
We have used it on GE, Hotpoint and Kenmore ovens. The item is slightly different than the photo shows but seems functional. Good luck amigo.
I believe it can Johnny. It comes with many different adapters for a wide range of models. My original motor sprung a leak and this was has been flawless for over a year.
It is indeed a genuine GE part. As far as compatibility with your particular model of dishwasher I do not know. Mine is model #GSD2000Z05AD. I've had this over a year and no problems with it.
No, The motor you need for PDW9980L00SS is going to be WD26X10029.
You are correct. This is a complete assembly and very easy to install.
I don't know. All I can tell you I installed one in a 1978 model and it works better than the old one.
Please locate the model number inside the door and refer to that so you can get the correct part for the machine you are working on.
Unfortunately I cannot answer that question. We had a plumber come in first to evaluate the problem. Once he found what part we needed he went on line and found us the correct motor to purchase. I would suggest calling GE. Sorry I could not help. I can say the new motor works great and the dishwasher is so much quieter. It had been leaking for some time.
It should work for the main oven ignitor, it will not replace the broiler one [that one is round barrel]. However, double check your current ignitor, if it has blue ceramic this will not work.
I don't know if this element will work, but what you need is a WB13T10045 which is available on Amazon for $23.95 I believe the price was. I would get this instead and be sure. Good luck and Merry Christmas!
There are a couple ways to find out. Take the ignitor off and see if there are any serial numbers on it. Search online to find out if there are corresponding part numbers that will fit. The other way is to find your owners manual and see if there is a parts list or diagram with an index that shows the part number.
Don't know for sure but if it looks like this ignitor I'd think the worst thing you'd have to do would be to reuse the plug off your old ignitor.
It may work but I'm not sure. I used it on the oven of a Blue Star range and it worked perfectly.
That model number isjgbs19den6bb doesn't show any response on Google. I think you should look at the model again, perhaps you misplaced a character.
Yes it is.
yes
I'm not sure if that is the same Motherboard. I found most of my answers on this website: www.appliance-repair-it.com and select General Electric refrigerator and read the script for the symptoms you are experiencing. I hope this helps.
Yes it will function. GE has a list of the boards that are compatible with this model and WR55X10552 is in the list so buy it with confidence.
Yes it will function. This board is the heart of many models from GE.
Does the freezer have a ice build up. If not the compressor may be bad. If so then the defrost thermostat maybe bad. You can troubleshoot by checking the board
Yes. THX
Yes based on your model you will need WR55X10942
Yes that is correct.
Do you mean the broiler? If so. No. It appears to be a different element.
yes
If your oven is a GE and your bake element is of the same size and form as this one, my guess is that it should work. But you should be very very careful, playing with 240v can be lethal.
No
Hey jengal! I can't tell you for sure whether this element will work for your oven. My own GE model number was so blurred that I couldn't read it--but I decided to take a chance because of the bracket that connects to the back of the oven. Don't go by the shape of the element. The bracket looked similar to mine, but the holes were a bit small, so my husband drilled them a bit bigger, and we made it work. Hope this helps a bit. Kay
Yes it is!
i did'nt order from the stove model number but from the ge part number
On mine it only worked on the bottom
It will probably work but in my case the two prongs that plug in to the back of the oven were to far apart to fit into the back bracket. I decided to leave the bracket out and run them into the back without. This just means if you are cleaning down that low you have to take care not to move the element around to much. This coming from a very unqualified handy dad, but has been working for me.
Whatever the size, it fit in my oven and has been working fine ever since. Man, that was months and months ago......for got what I ordered.
From what I could find, you may need the WB44T10011 model (http://www.amazon.com/GE-WB44T10011-Electric-Oven-Element/dp/B003BIGDEA/ref=pd_cp_hi_0) instead of the WB44T10018 one (even less expensive). You may also want to look at http://www.appliancepartspros.com/search.aspx?model=jbp66bbwh - that site may help verify what you need. Hope this helps.
Did not fit.
Not sure just go to the GE website and make sure the numbers match, that is what I did and it was an exact replacement for my oven. Kelly
"Not really sure but cut and paste this link: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/911.41089?page=1 The connectors are 2"" apart at the back of the oven. The main coils are 18"" apart. Hope this helps."
It depends on what model of refrigerator you have. It also requires some modifications to the wiring.
Hi, I'm not an expert in the subject, but when doing my research I found that a lot of parts have replacements and the name changes, and generally ONE fan works for a lot of GE models. Try doing more research with suppliers. Hope it works for you.
I do not have the same model refrigerator, but don't recommend buying this motor. After 4 months of use it's making the same buzzing noise as my old one.
honestly can't remember all I know is it worked
They seem the same. Is this for your freezer? Do you have a light bulb in freezer side?
my part did not come with a thermostat. Just the motor and wires with a plug,
If the belt were loose.
No
No
Actually the belt I bought last year didn't match the washing machine in my home (different model from yours), its cheap, I was lazy to get it returned, I don't know whether its work for GE model WJRE5550K2WW, you'd better buy one that has the same model specifications.
According to your model number you need the WH01X10302 Belt.
From what I can tell...No. The GE Washer WSSH300GOWW is front loading. From a quick online search it appears that you need a GE Part Number WH08X10027 BELT Good luck.
yes
Hi Westley This valve has two push on quick connect outlets. I install my valve over 2 yrs ago and don't remember if they were two different sizes. I think the outlets were both 1/4in. This should not be a show stopper because there are adapters made to fix this. The only problem I had was the inlet on my old valve was a flared type and the new valve was a compression type. Easy fix: I cut the flare off my supply tubing and replacing it with a new compression nut and furrel. I save about $90 in parts and labor, so I didn't find this too inconvenient.
I don't know about that specific model number, but this is a double solenoid valve which is really two valves in one. One valve is for the icemaker and the other is for the water dispenser in the refrigerator door. If your refrigerator has both an icemaker and a water dispenser then this valve may work. If you don't have a water dispenser then this is not the correct valve, you need a single solenoid valve such as GE part number WR57X10007.
Yes!
what i did to find out if it was the part is went to sears online they have exploded veiwsof everything and part #s then came to amazon copied the number to search
This one mounts on the right side, but I don't know about any other
best way is to dismantle the cover plate and using a torch light to check to make sure the controller is exactly the same fit. remember to power off before opening the cover
No
Maybe if you actually asked a question, you may receive a helpful reply....
replacing the defective valve may fix your problem. To remove the tube, push the spring loaded white sleeve inward. This release the grip on the tube to allow you to pull the tube out effortlessly.
Yes we have a self cleaning oven and it works great. Great place to buy your parts from.
I'm not sure if this will work for the top element, but for the bottom it was perfect!
Is that a GE product? If so, go to www.ge.com and look for parts. You can key in the part number above into the search bar on their website, then look for parts.
Just have to make sure the specs match yours.
I don't know but what I did was went onto the GE website & looked under replacement parts & found e one for my oven there. Then found it on Amazon for 1/4 of the GE price.
I have no idea. Your best bet is to contact GE Customer Service at 1 (888) 348-7563 and find out the replacement part number. That's what I did and this was the oven unit that replaced my range's oven unit GE part # WB44T1OO1.
Not sure, go to repair clinic dot com or another web site to check on replacement for that oven model. Then see if that one fits.
Yes it fit perfectly.
That is the exact model I have. Good luck
I am not sure but you can check on line to see if it fits your model of oven. Mine fit perfectly and was super easy to install.
Not sure, but GE does make a lot of Kenmore appliances. The best thing I have found with regards to shopping for parts for anything (auto, applicances, etc.) on Amazon is to go to the manufacturer's website first (Kenmore or Sears in this case), get the correct part number, then use the part number to search on Amazon...that way you know for sure for sure it fits your appliance. I have found especially with Kenmore and GE, many of the parts are interchangeable...some even use the same part number, but only the manufacturer's website can verify this.
Google your particular oven (Hot point and Model number) and the element it uses should come up. This is a universal element, a generic. A brand specific element will be more expensive.
yes, that's what my original model number was and the 10005 fit perfectly
I'd like to know too since that's the model oven I have as well.
You have to know your model number (I found mine by sliding the bottom storage drawer out) to see if it works for your stove. You can also call GE with the model number and ask for the part as confirmation.
The best way to see if this will fit is to take measurements of your old one and compare to the measurements of this one.
Yes
IF ONLY IT HAS THE SAME SHAPE.
Not sure. I would go to the GE website and get the correct part number for your model, then use the part number to search on Amazon. This is the fool proof way to make sure something fits, as well as get the cheaper price on Amazon.
Not really sure, but all the ones I have purchase ( over 10 of them ) I have never had a problem.
Yes it is fits perfect
Cannot help with cross reference to Whirlpool; there should be internet resources for that. Most GE and Whirlpool fridges made in Mexico have common parts.
I actually visited an appliance part web site http://www.ApplianceZone.com to identify the part number for my refrigerator and then I searched Amazon for the part.
"The Evaporator motor WR60X10141 is a replacement for the model Hotpoint you have. Easy to find out - Go to ""Repair Clinic"" and look up your model. Difference is ordering through Amazon $27.00 - Repair Clinic costs $54.00 - Being informed saves one money - put the difference in your pocket! Easy fix for DIY - just be sure and turn off the electrical power for safety - Good Luck!"
Yes, the one I received was identical to the picture.
The kit is only a replacement ice maker unit. It DOES NOT contain the water valve or water tube up to the ice maker unit. You would have to check the back of the refrigerator at the bottom to see if there is a valve and water line running to the freezer compartment. I would also check to see if there is an electrical connector in the left rear of the freezer unit near where the ice maker would be.
2screws one plug. Make sure you have the paddle guard if it matches your old ice maker otherwise it will not fit. Paddle shut off has an on off switch thT pushes paddle back so it won't make ice.
The instructions do not mention a warranty. However, it says if you have questions, call 1-800-GE-CARES (1-800-432-2737). Hope this helps. Mine works fine.
115
Based on the model number provided, reference information shows the replacement ice maker is Manufacturer #WR30X10093
Hello, yes. This part number does replace the WR30X10077. Please let us know if you have any other questions! Thank you!
No, it makes half-moon shaped ice. Hope this helps.
Yes
That is not the model I used it for but you can go on the GE website to figure out what part# you need for your refrigerator
It just screws on it.
I did not save my old filter...sorry. But the 46-9991 fit my stainless GE without an adapter my model number is GSH25-JSTC SS (on the silver sticker inside the fridge). If you need the adapter I have one for you.
YES
Yes, that is what it is designed to do.
Yes, this adapter will convert FXRT to MWF filter.
Sorry not familiar with that filter....I just bought the least expensive filters and no need for the adapter.
I used to have a Bosch and if I can recall there was a big space for the removable basket. I would check out the dimensions for this one and see.. But I wouldn't know off hand.
"5 5/8"" tall x 7"" wide x 8.5"" deep. The base footprint does tapper in slightly."
Not sure about nautilus model. But the GE model I have is at least 15+ years old. I would say yes only because there standard models haven't changed in years.
It should.
Yes
I'm not sure, but it probably will fit over the prongs like the one I purchased from Amazon. It's soooo much better than those side slots they use now.
Unfortunately not.
The basket is 8.5 by 7.5 but with the holes it might work for you.
8 and 1/2 inches long
Yes it will fit. I have a kitchen aid portable.
No, you need part number WE18x54
I don't know if it will; fit your dryer-check with the manufacturer. It did come with a plastic frame around the wire basket. I find I have to be careful with the basket- wires stick out on the side and can poke you.
do not purchase this product. it is ineficient, has a screen that is unfinished so that you cut yourself and is non-returnable.
my GE gas dryer model is DDE7900G DLWH. I do not have the old lint filter to see if it had a model number. GE call number is 1-800-626-2000
Sorry no Clue.
12 5/8 inches
I know nothing about the Kenmore, but I can tell you we are very unhappy with our LG and would not recommend it.
"I did have this problem until I disconnected the machine, wheeled it out to the curb and put a ""free please take it"" sign on the thing. That was more than two years ago and I haven't missed it for a single moment."
Yes I am still happy, had mine almost 3 years
The washer determines water level, but if you choose the bulky/bedding setting it will use more water.
I don't know, the LG was the most problem prone washer I've ever owned. after a year of problems LG took it back and gave me a new one which I never uncrated- took it back to home depot and got a maytag front loader. sorry I couldn't be more help. the difference between 4.5 and 4.7 is only .2 cu ft, about the size of a 9x12 baking pan.
Depends on who is reviewing. Consumer Reports will tell you that almost everything is better than a Speed Queen. People who have purchased a Speed Queen, as I have, will tell you that the Speed Queen is the best washing machine available.
No idea what it means in the context of a model number. All I know is that it's a very poor excuse for a washing machine.
the washer broke too many times to try to wash delicates. Lg replaced the washer and I retuned it to Home Depot and purchased Maytag front loader and have been well pleased with no problems.
It sounds like an issue with the electrical connection between the icemaker and the freezer. Is the connection between the two snug and oriented properly?
I can't guarantee it will. However most Amanas use this model. The problem I encountered when I installed this was that the wiring harness that came with the new unit didn't work with my refrigerator. I just took the one off the old unit and used it on the new unit. Remember that it will take a day or more before it starts to make ice. David
Yes, the RIM501 will work for fridge model # MZD2766GE
Yes
Yes
Yes, works well!
most all will work i needed to just rewire plug end to frig very simple
The kit is pretty universal, I imagine it works fine for most Amana's. You may need to use the wiring harness off the old unit however as its longer.
Start with your refrigerator Model number (usually on a sticker inside). You can google it or try a parts place like www.appliancepartspros.com/. Go get the part number for your icemaker. I had an Amana and it lead me to this. Installation was fairly easy. Be careful disconnecting the wiring harness you may want to reuse it.
No maytag wide by side mzd2766ge
Hello, I doubt it will work with your Magic Chef. You will probably have to buy this one: http://www.amazon.com/Camco-43554-Universal-Stove-Cover/dp/B000EDSSMA/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top?ie=UTF8 . Or call Maytag @ 877-800-6390 - They may make one specific to your stove. Hope this helps :)
If you're referring to the hinge that the cover attaches to the cooktop with, yes it does. I don't remember if the screws came with it or not, but any short screws would work.
I don't know about other brands of stoves. I had a different model of suburban and it didn't work on mine ...just didn't get it sent back in time.
Thin sheet metal
It's pretty flimsy. I added a piece of wood of appropiate thickness under each half of the cover for support. The whole point of the cover was to increase counter space, but without the blocks I added it wouldn't support any weight without caving in. Easy add on though.
What are the dimensions??????????would like to know before I buy it...
Yes. Textured finish.
No
This refrigerator uses 479 kWh/yr and has an estimated yearly operating cost of $53.12.
It only moves downward to make the top bigger
Tonya, Goedeker's Amazon orders include White Glove Delivery. This service includes in-home delivery, un-boxing of products and removal of packing materials, placement in the room of your choice, and haul away of old appliances (when needed). It does not include installation or plugging in.
Thank you for your interest in Goedekers! We are able to set that up so that the old refrigerator is removed as long as it is disconnected. If you have any other questions, please call me at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedekers
Not sure of the size...
"The cord is not 6"" long. I do not remember exactly, but it is probably 3-4 feet long."
From the picture of the package, it says it is 16 gauge 3-wire. 16 gauge is normally rated at 13 amps
About 60 cm
Yes, and fits perfect.
"From what I've seen these cords are pretty standard for home dishwashers. I am sure it would work fine, as long as your are talking about a dish""washer""."
You should be able to Google the model off your dishwasher and find out if this would fit. That's how I found out. I put it on a fridgeair. :)
I believe it was a straight wire.
I can't remember if it's specified on the package as there's no indication of the gauge size in the specification section shown by sellers, so I don't know. I can tell you this is what you need to install a dishwasher machine and works perfect. I installed mine back in Nov. 2011 and never a problem.
6 feet
I don't know. Mine is a side by side. You can google search your type of refrigerator to get the correct one.
qualifying the answer, yes, if you are sweating copper you will need to sweat a connection that will match the end of the plastic line that connects to the filter, other wise when you tap into the copper tubing, see that the part you use to tap in the copper accepts the tubing to the filter.
You have to cut the hose to be able to have each side attach to the filter.
No, I'm sorry, but it does not.
It will filter sediment but iron may need a water softener and then only they are limited as to how much is filtered.
I do have them both
There are no nuts required for this filter. You push your water lines straight in and they lock automatically, and then you push the sleeve on the filter to release them!
Yes
The refrigerator organizer box is completely plastic and glides easily on the refrigerator shelf. I have put all sandwich making supplies in one so that I can pull it all out at once when I want to make sandwiches. It is sturdy, easy to handle and is easy to clean.
No
Yes,4 inches. But it is NOT tapered, it is very square and stackable. Highly recommend!
I have a 32 oz. jelly jar in mine, so I am sure that it will fit.
I don't remember mine having wide sticky tape that held any advertising info. However, I keep a bottle of Glue Gone by my kitchen sink. Although I dislike the smell of it on my hands for hours after using it, it DOES work to remove that sticky residue. I would soak the bin for a while, see if that will remove the paper, then use some type of residue remover. Good Luck!
Yes, as long as what's in them doesn't tower over the walls of the container.
It is smooth.
No, I don't believe so, but it depends on the depth of your shelves...
They are BPA free, according to the Product Description (next to the last paragraph).
Don't know - I just use mine in the refrigerator - sorry I can't be of help
There are several vertical ridges on the underside of the bin, I don't really think this would work for your intended use.
No.
The 12oz bottles stand up nicely in the Inter Design tray. On refrigerators with wire shelves, these fridge bins work like a drawer. I store soda bottles either lying down or upright in the storage tray. ... I use the larger 20oz Coke though :) All the best ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)
I have not tried them in the freezer but I love these bins. The plastic is an excellent quality. If I had to guess, I would say it would be fine in the freezer.
This is the only cord I found that met the specifications and could handle the load I needed. I looked at dozens. This is the way to go.
"The cord that I ordered and received has the ""normal"" three-pronged male plug with the two prongs parallel to each other."
Contrary to previous answer most home 115 volt copper wire circuits are 12 gauge (20 amp), there are multiple 15 amp rated receptacles usually on one circuit.
The one I purchased says that if it is not marked for outdoor use, it is ONLY for use indoors. And mine is NOT marked outdoor. So, my guess is no.
14/3 awg, at 9 feet will handle 15a easily.
AWG 14/3 SPT-3 vinyl cord.
It's 14 AWG - the same as most of the wiring in your house. It's a great product, well made and at a really good price. You won't be sorry.
I bought a cheap fan and put it in the back of the unit to circulate the air. It dropped the temp about 6%'s. I bought an USB fan with a power converter and ran the wires into the fridge between the door. http://www.amazon.com/IO-Crest-Powered-Desktop-SY-ACC65055/dp/B006L6ZL8I/ref=pd_sim_pc_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=1XSBKX56VKJV58VX1VF7
That's what I'm using.
This comes with the Sankey beer coupler that works with Budweiser and most US made kegs.
You will need to fill the co2 tank. Personally I ended up switching out everything on it a couple of months down the road and just kept the fridge and the mount for the tap. Remember to put a cheap fan in the back of the fridge to keep the air flow going or else it will only get temps of about 45%.
There are no water pipes or external plumbing. Plug in, get your keg and pour yourself a cold one!
I purchased from a wholesaler and do not have access to parts. I suggest you contact the manufacturer with your parts questions at http://www.kegerators.com/site-map.php. Thank you. Reiser
Top half screws off to replace with a brand version.
It all depends on the temperature and line length. I had to change my lines to 10' because the one that came were too short but at 38 degrees with 10' lines I set my pressure to 12-13 psi.
Never measured the temperature; I just put a keg inside and it cools the beer perfectly. Are you measuring with a keg in or out? It's designed to work with a keg in it, and the keg itself will help retain the cold because it's metal...
I'm sure you could but I don't see how you could fit two kegs in it.
I don't know if it was manufactured by Amana but it fit great. No problems
I measured across the top of the gasket and down the gasket. It is 31 1/2 inches wide and about 23 3/4 inches high.
Yes, it fits the Kenmore freezer door. I purchased it because the part number was the same. When I received it I noticed that it is thinner than the original, but when installed fits perfectly. I had a pair of air leaks for a couple of days until the gasket set to the door. After 2-3 days gasket fits and seals great.
Hello Robert. I am sorry but I just do not know for this model. I do know it fit my Amana EXACTLY as the original. I would say if you need it, buy it. You can always return it.
The gasket worked on our freg. I looked up the freg under Amanda and that is what was recommended. So I priced checked the difference on Amazon and it was 45 dollars cheaper. Hope it will work for you.
I don't think it will unless the dimensions are the same. Look for part number D7605108Q.
Yes, Manufacturer Number 12550116Q
Google your refrigerator model number and cross reference that with this gasket, that's what I did. It came packaged well, was a direct replacement, and works perfectly
put your fridge model # in at sears parts .com and it will tell you what is the part #, then go back to amazon and put it in their search.
I am not 100% positive but it did fit my kenmore bottom freezer door.
Yes, both a one-faucet hook-up and separate hot/cold water hook-ups are included. So you have the option of a single faucet (for when you hook-up to a sink) or want to connect it to separate hot and cold intakes. Just make sure that your sink faucet has the ability to screw in the hook-up adapter. I had to buy a new faucet that would accept the adapter. Enjoy!
It does a full load. I don't know the weight but I do 4 pair of sweats and 3 pair of jeans all together.
Hi. The washer comes with the necessary faucet adapter. However, your faucet must have a removable aerator so that you can remove the one that comes with the faucet and screw the adapter in so you can plug the hose in. Some faucets have non-removable aerators and can't take the adapter.
Overall appliance dimensions (HxWxD) (in) 1/4''+4 1/8'' x 31'' x 21 1/4'' Required cutout size (HxWxD) (in) 4 1/8'' x 28 3/4'' x 19 7/8'' Product packaging dimensions (HxWxD) (in) 7 1/16'' x 36 5/8'' x 26 5/8''
Sorry, No down draft with this cooktop.
The plates/burners work with pots that are about 50% of their size and larger. So if the pot has a diam larger than the burner, only the section on the induction plate gets heated by the burner. A very large pot/griddle that spans two burners can be heated by both burners.
no
Dear Bubby Bob, Bosch's installation manual does not mention any specific clearance below the cooktop. They recommend at least 2 inches around the sides and back of the unit and 2.24 to the front. Any cabinets above should be at least 30 inches above the surface. You may want to contact Bosch directly or you can call our sales department at1-888-768-1710 and they can call Bosch on your behalf to check on any recommendation.
Yes. Look for range hoods on appliancehippo.com. Thank you.
I guess I can answer this 3 ways... (1) It should be a drop-in replacement for existing conventional cooktop; it uses 220V and 40A (or maybe 30A -- check the manual) (2) I'd guess it is slightly more efficient because it doesn't have to heat anything but the pot. There's some inefficiency in the induction mechanism, but I'd guess this is less than the inefficiency of heating the air and whatnot around a conventional electric element. (3) I wouldn't worry about your electric bill. It's not going to be noticeably different than conventional electric, and, even if you are blazing away at 6000 watts (4 burners going full) you are looking at less than $1/hour at the worst of USA electric rates. Do the math on, say, boiling 4 quarts of water and you'll see it's a few pennies.
"Induction-compatible cookware contains ferromagnetic materials - in other words, it contains iron, or has a layer with magnetic properties. Cast iron, enamel cast iron and most types of stainless steel cookware are all induction compatible (But not all types - for instance, All-Clad's MC2 line, which is made of aluminum and stainless steel, is not induction compatible). Aluminum, copper or glass cookware will not work unless they have a layer on the bottom with magnetic properties. To tell if a pot or pan is induction-compatible, hold a magnet to the bottom. If it clings, the cookware will work on an induction cooktop. Also, many manufacturers have started putting a n ""induction compatible"" symbol on the bottom of their cookware or they'll note compatibility on their packaging. The symbol often looks like a horizontal zig-zag or a coil. If you have an induction cooktop, but a favorite piece of cookware doesn't work on it, don't fret - Mauviel makes a product called the Mauviel Induction Disc (Compare Prices), which can be placed on the cooktop under the pan; the heating reaction will then heat the contents of the pan. If you have any other questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact Goedekers and we will be more than happy to assist you. Thank you for considering Goedekers and have a wonderful weekend! Thank You, Brenna Davis brenna.davis@goedekers.com 1-888-768-1710 ext 315"
In front
i really doesn't matter
"when i bought this broan hood (qp236ss 36""...350 cfm) it was 36"" wide, and not 42"" or 39.7"". i bought it around the first part of the year and i am very pleased with it. how did it get to be 42"" or 39.7"" wide??"
The bulbs are included. It also has the basic filters and everything needed for standard installation. There are a set of slots on the top front that allow it to be used in a ductless configuration by removing a plate inside during installation.
Hi, Our installer put a plug on the power cord instead of wiring it into the system. I added an extension cord with a power switch that I plug the Broan into. It sits in the cabinet over the Broan. I can just reach it to toggle it- then I have do some button pushing because the Broan comes up in a default mode that turns on the lights. But the noise of the fan is GONE. Good luck. Great exhaust fan and the lights are the best, but a little hard to live with. Sheila D.
I don't know of a liner. The filter screens come with the appliance. You can get replacement filters from Broan I believe.
It doesn't come with the power cord
No, it does not have a remote control trol.
"It can be used with a ducted system. There are limitations to how far it will push, but it has accommodations for top or rear exhaust on the body. My range is on an outside wall of the house so I used a rectangular vent kit to duct it outside. 4""x10"" is the size I believe."
you can get GU10 leds with the same pin contacts.
"The bulbs, regardless of wattage are the same dimension and stick out ~1/8"" (4mm) from the plane of the sheet metal. If they didn't do that, it would be tough to get them out."
I purchased my Broan on July 5, 2013. I have yet to replace the bulbs and they usually stay on all night. I purchased the bulbs here on Amazon but cant find them here anymore. I can only think that one port is tossing out to much power and causing it to pop. I had the same problem with an outdoor light. I would need to replace them monthly. I ended up buying higher end Cree bulbs and it has been close to 2 years without replacing them. Try buying one good bulb and see if it lasts. Good luck!
The fan as well as the light is strictly manual, in other words you have to turn it off and on yourself.
Yes, there is a replaceable charcoal filter.
Yes, you have that option.
Yes it comes with the halogen bulbs. I replaced them with LED lights top reduce the heat. Works great, wife loves it, even gave me a hug !
Everything I needed came with my order.
"Your question is rather non-sensical. Are you using the hood ducted, or non-ducted? At what height over the burners will it be mounted 24-25-26-27-28-29, or 30""? How many BTUs are produced on your cooking surface? How many CFM at which speed, there are 3? My unit works perfectly well, non-ducted, using the specified charcoal filters (which reduce air flow, and are not included) over my six burner induction stove. The unit is NOT commercial quality but is quite high end for a residential hood. The installation was not difficult - the unit has worked flawlessly for 3 months."
The lights are all on at the same time. There are, however, three different light intensity settings.
Does not appear to be possible just based on the design and installation method.
Really pretty quiet!
hard wiring - which should already be in-place if there is any kind of hood there
"It's a rectangular unit so it has no diameter. The horizontal length is 30"", it comes out about 21"" to 22"" from the back wall and it measures about 8"" down."
No
No
I recently purchased this and yes it's the one that holds the gallon size container of milk
Hello Deanne It is for the right door! Code# DA97-06419B by Samsung. A great price also!
The best course of action is to go to the Samsung website and get the exact specifications of the drawer you need from there. I did not do this and the first drawer I ordered (this one) did not fit my door more because of the shape than the actual dimensions.
I am not sure. What kind of refrigerator do you have?
No, I bought this but it did not fit my refrigerator. i need to return it
I have the model #RF4287HARS and it was a perfect fit. But the only difference was it came with a white band and the one that came with the refrigerator had a silver band.
Not sure my bin is in a rfg297 series
YES
Not sure. That is not my model of refrigerator.
Maybe. Depends on model and what replacement part you select. I could not use the one I purchased (DA97-04619B) because the slides on the sides were vertical instead of slanted: it fit but was not level I used super glue to repair the broken/split shelf.
No its not but I'm glad it's not, love this oven.
Derek, What you see is a storage drawer below the oven. Many customer's like this feature as it gives them room to store pans or cookie sheets below the oven and free up space in their kitchen for other things.
Gas.
Unfortunately, we cannot ship to the Carribean, we only ship in the continental US.
Dear Ms. Kotlyar, I apologize for any confusion. At over $999.00 the basic standard shipping on this range would be free. However, Amazon requires all appliances we sell to have in-home delivery, which is our White Glove shipping level. For this unit, that would ad $99.00 to the total cost of the range. Sincerely, Sara Goedekers.com Customer Service
Does this stove include a propane conversion kit
No - you need a hood above it
2 gpm
"This filter should work in any canister that accepts 4.5"" X 10"" filters."
looks the same
don't understand your question.
I dont know. I hope so.
"Bret, I have included the cut-out dimensions from Frigidaire below: Cut-out Width: 33 7/8"" - 34 1/4"" Cut-out Depth: 19 1/4"" - 19 3/4"" Cut-out Height: 8"" Power Supply Location: Rear Right"
Yes it will, we have ours hooked up two propane, it came with the kit to convert it. I am really happy with mine.
Yes
Yes. Electric arc ignitors automatically come on as you turn the burner valves on. It is a very nice cooktop for the price. Wife is very happy with it.
Frigidaire 316499900 Range Griddle
Yes, just use 2 burnner
Four burners. It has worked very well for me. I believe you can buy conversion kits to use propane (typically used with BBQs), but it might be more cost effective to purchase a cooktop made for propane.
This is a cooktop. There is no ventilation included with it. You will need an overhead fan, if you desire ventilation.
Natural gas
It has 4 individual grates
"Cut-out Width: 26 5/8 - 26 7/8"" Cut-out Depth: 19 - 19 3/8"" Cut-out Height: 5"""
No griddle, only four burners.
Yes
Very sturdy iron.
I own one but not sure what you mean. I do know that this is a great cook top. I've owned one for a year and it hasn't given me any problems.
You can still light it without the power on.
Hi Don, This cooktop does not have the most powerful burners as this is one the least expensive cooktops on the market. There are two 9500 BTU burners, one 12000 BTU burner and one 5000 BTU. Thanks Melanie with Goedekers
Yes, it does, for the ignition.
No, it does not. It is a great gas range top. I am very happy with it.
15a 125v
Yes.
The cord rotates around the plug end that's in the wall.
The one I received is light gray.
"About 11"". Each end is about 2.5. Cord in between is 6"""
Yes. The arm is optional. I have a laser that senses when to stop making ice on mine, and this has worked just fine.
"I replaced in my 58251 and it works like a champ. All I needed to do was remove the base/slide-in plastic tray from the exisiting unit into this replacement (three 1/4"" hex head screws). The harness/wiring and heater resistor all work fine. Excellent deal!"
This is a very simple system, and should work for you. If not return (no charge)
Not sure of the warrantee but this wasn't my issue. I had a bad board that wasn't sending the infrared signal. You may want to check that before you buy.
I am not quite sure, it fit my Kenmoore just perfectly and says online that it fits some Whirlpools so you might want to just Google it :)
Yes
As soon as I hooked it back up it fed the water. It was a couple of hours on my machine
I don't think so I have had mine for 4 months now works better then original
I do not know,.....Tried it by chance and works great for me. If picture looks same - try it, amazon will accept returns.,
Yes. The only difference will be whether yours uses the bail to recognize if the bin is full or has a photoelectric cell . You may need to reuse the wiring harness from your old icemaker.
The manual is kind of a joke. We used ours for basic reference upon install. Which we pretty much ignored because of how bad it was. That said the suggestion is from the manufacturer, which I'm sure you've tried.
Excellent qaulity for the money. Very happy with it. Leds are blue and not very bright.
Merry Christmas. I don't see why not. Currently installed in a 9' ceiling kitchen and works fine. I thinks it's a safe bet. Moreover, there are 3 fan motor speeds and it's been very effective for me (No smoke alarm when on. Don't get me wrong though, it's not commercial/industrial strength.
Hi Glenna, first you touch the clock symbol for about three seconds. The symbol and time flashes, touch the light symbol to set the hour and the fan symbol to set the minute, Press the clock symbol to start the clock. Creola sommons
Yes
I don't understand your question. The fan is in the unit which u wire up. To turn the fan or lights on u press the button on the control board.
That's correct. Ventless & effective...
This model does have an electronic ignition.
The Frigidaire FFGF3017LW 30 In. Freestanding Gas Range with 4 gas burners 4.2 cu. ft. capacity oven with the following breakdown Three 9,500 BTU sealed burners One 12,000 BTU sealed burner perfect for high-powered cooking Matte black finish with cast iron grates
That just means there are no batteries required, everything is included.
The approximate weight is 150lbs
We purchased and highly recommend a Speed Queen. This is a commercial type of machine, simple and well built. You may have to search for a local dealer. It may seem to cost a little more. It is worth it.
Jessie, If you have had it less than a year you are covered under the manufacturers 1 year warranty. You can contact Whirlpool at 1-800-253-1301.
I have not had any problem w loud noises. Probably the only nice thing I can say about the machine.
Use the bulky setting and then pause the load after the water has been added
"We wash all loads on ""Bulky items"" so there is a decent amount of water in the washer."
fully automatic
Never happened to me, I will switch detergents
It most likely has something to do with the motherboard. I bought this washer and it only last 15 months before it needed a $400 repair. It is now sitting in my basement not working, I went out and bought a different washer. I really loved this washer when I got it but it broke down several times, the motherboard went, which would have cost me $500 if it wasn't still under warranty. The drain pump is shot in it, I wasn't willing to spend an additional $400 on the machine because I thought it would be a money pit, the Whirlpool repairman told me it was junk.
Depends how bad the crack is. If the guide wheel goes through the crack the drum will lock up. I ran mine until that happened and then I bought a new non Samsung dryer!!!
I have no clue as to why you are getting rust spots. But, I'll bet Samsung knows. My experience with them on our ruptured dryer drums causes me to believe that they are expremely reluctant to do recalls or product warnings. Good luck.
Dear Jamey, I would recommend calling Samsung at 1-866-797-8727. Thank You
Dear Marie, We do not sell parts unfortunately ,but you can call Samsung at 1-866-797-8727. Thank You
I believe that ceramic. I just bought one and the quality its very good
Need to cut out 19 7/8ths wide by 29 1/4 long and it is 2 5/8ths deep. It will set perfect in the hole.
If you don't use the burners at once, which MOST people don't you are fine. it will get dicy using all 4, I never have used more then 2 at once.
No, probably more like 10 lbs.
I'm quite sure the glass cooktop can handle the weight of the pressure canner. I don't know if I would try to slide anything heavy across the cooktop for fear of scratching it.
No evidence of 'speckles' in mine . . . a glossy, solid black, with only feint burner outlines. Truly elegant!
Yes, very red. There is also a light in the front that stays red until the burners have cooled off. you can't go wrong on this cooktop. very good for the price.
Only work on 220.
One year
Two 6 inches & two 9 1/4 inches
I have had NO problems with the afore mentioned unit. No noise. No temperature variations. No staining or scratching.
Dear Paul, This oven does have the time bake feature on it on the ovens. If you need more information on this please call 1-800-456-4669
"Yes: In the manual on Page 13 it says: To Set the Sabbath Feature (for use on the Jewish Sabbath & Holidays) The Bake time and Start time pads are used to set the Sabbath feature. The Sabbath feature may only be used with the BAKE pad. The oven temperature may be set higher or lower after setting the Sabbath feature (the oven temperature adjustment feature should be used only during Jewish Holidays), however the display will not visibly show or provide any audible tones indicating whether the change occurred correctly. Once the oven is properly set using Bake with the Sabbath feature active, the oven will remain continuously ON until cancelled. This will override the factory preset 12-Hour Energy Saving feature. If the oven light will be needed during the Sabbath, press Oven light pad before activating the Sabbath feature. Once the oven light is turned ON and the Sabbath feature is active, the oven light will remain ON until the Sabbath feature is turned OFF. If the oven light needs to be OFF, be sure to turn the oven light OFF before activating the Sabbath feature. IMPORTANT NOTES: It is not advised to attempt to activate any other program feature other than BAKE while the Sabbath feature is active. ONLY the following key pads will function after setting the Sabbath feature; UP or DOWN ARROW, BAKE, START & CLEAR/OFF pads. ALL OTHER KEYPADS will not function once the Sabbath feature is properly activated. To Program the Oven to Begin Baking Immediately & activate the Sabbath feature 1. Be sure that the clock is set with the correct time of day. 2. Place the food in the oven. 3. Press Bake pad. ""---"" will appear, ""UPPER"" and ""bake "" will flash in the display. 4. Press the Up or Down arrow pad until the desired temperature appears. ""UPPER"" and ""BAKE"" will flash in the display. 5. Press Start pad or wait 5 seconds. ""UPPER"" and ""BAKE"" stop flashing and the icon will appear in the display. 6. If you desire to set the oven control for a Timed Bake or Delayed Start Bake do so at this time. If not, skip this step and continue to step 7. Refer to the Timed Bake (complete steps 6-8) / Delayed Start Bake (complete steps 6-11) section for complete instructions. Remember the oven will shut down after using Timed Bake or Delay Start Bake and therefore may only be used once during the Sabbath/Jewish Holidays. The maximum Delayed Start Bake time is 11 hours & 59 minutes. 7. The oven will turn ON and begin heating."
Yes separate timers one for each oven
No
No, 2 large regular ovens.
Yes, I just had to call Frigidaire today on my lower oven. They set up an appointment for Saturday morning and I just have to show a copy of my invoice. I guess to prove it's within 1 year of purchase.
2013
"I'm out of town, but think it's 55"". You can lookup model dimensions on line and it gives the exact measurements. There should be a dropdown box giving the specifics."
We returned the unit so I don't know. Sorry! I wouldn't recommend ordering an oven from Amazon. Ours didn't work when we got it and now we have to pay $900+ to ship it back to the seller. DISASTER!
Yes, you have the dimensions correct
We are remodeling our kitchen & haven't unpacked the oven yet.
Nicole, Shipping and delivery vary by seller, and sometimes price. They should be listed on the buying options page as well as in the shopping cart before checkout.
This model does not have convection.
I did not measure the temperature but do not think it gets anywhere near 35&#730;. However, it's always cold enough for me. I would recommend it unless you like things icy cold.
No. Just 1 can of pop or half pint of cream.
The fridge is designed for cans, and cant fit anything bigger than a regular soda can. Regarding the fridge, its great to maintain a somewhat cold beverage, like storing an already cold can you took from the fridge. I found that its not that effective in chilling a room temperature can all on its own, and the can quickly loses its' chill once outside the fridge. I feel that this fridge cools down just the metal bottom of the can, but doesn't affect the liquid. Hope this helps
The one line position is for cold and the two line position is for hot.
Cause a cooler isn't as cool :P
Usb is 5Volts with .5A maximum draw. My multimeter won't even measure the current it's drawing so I'm not sure the exact wattage. So by using the above figures... 2.5 watts maximum although I guarantee it's definitely less than that. Hope that helps. The actual unit itself has no power listing so that's all I can figure for that.
I have used mine with my computer. I assume you get a wall adapter as well. It keeps a can cold via a small round plate upon which the can sits. It is best if the can is already cold, and will keep it cool fairly well
I don't know because it never fuctioned.
Yes. My machine is a HAP706
"I ordered the ""HAP 242-UC"" but my actual unit says ""HAP 242"" on the bottom so it makes no difference. I ordered these filters and they fit. You may want to remove the brackets from the used filter just in case. The new ones came with the brackets in box but better to be safe then not have them."
No my filters were in the correct box and for my model. I have bought filters a couple of times from this site and had no issues.
Yes
yes it will,.. I too own the 716 model. infact two of them... and yes it fits.
the clips come off and you have to put them on the new filter for it to fit if you have clips on just one side.
that's the one I have too
Yes.
For further assistance, please call us at (800) 546-5637; Monday through Saturday from 8 AM to 8 PM, EST.
No
Dear Sandi, This model does have an energy efficient foam insulated cabinet and lid. The Energy Guide rating has it ranked about average with an estimated operating cost of about $23 a year at 215 kWh.
"Outside dimensions are: 25"" wide by 33"" high by 23"" deep."
Mine does not make a slupry or grinding sound. It has a low hum when the freeze cycle kicks in- but it isn't loud at all. No dents in mine... Very happy with the product
199.00
Hi. It's ON rollers - that's another great thing about this freezer! And it moves effortlessly and smoothly - even after being filled.
"Length(front) 19"" Width(side) 15"" Height(depth) 24"""
Rotate the knob all the way to the right and the freezer hits -20F easily and stays there, if that's what you want.
yes, easily
There is no mention of NSF either on the unit or product booklet that I can find.
Don't know what they'd ship today, but 2 weeks ago I received the 401W1. Very happy with it.
I believe it carries a 12-month warranty. I'm not sure what problems you're seeing, but we ran into a small issue after owning it for about 6 months. It would just rotate water repeatedly. I unplugged it, reset the tray and plugged it back in. That solved the issue. It's run strong ever since.
All ice melts, but what is nice about this machine is the melted ice water goes down into the reservoir and that is the water the machine reuses to make more ice. It is a continuous cycle so you always have ice available.
No, at least mine doesn't but it is just so easy to use. I LOVE mine!
This unit makes cloudy bullet shape ice.
Ice starts being made in a few minutes but it will probably take an hour for the basket to fill
If I had to guess about a pound of ice. You have to keep in mind it makes 9 cubes at a time. It will take a bit to fill the bin and it will melt and the water is recaptured and re freezes it cannot store ice for a long period. It makes a batch of ice ever few minutes depending on the size of cubes you want. We find that we can make enough ice to fill an ice bucket and then we let the machine go at its regular capacity and have had ample ice for a small gathering of about 10 people.
Yes will cost about $250
It makes ice shaped like bullets, small medium and large thickness for about 7 months then it died.
This is the worst product I've ever purchased and broke after 1 month of use. The amount of water it holds is irrelevant - you should stay far away from this horrible product.
Found on amazon lower than anywhere. Self install. Working great Frigidaire 243297603 Icemaker
There is only one - make 4# a day as I recall.
It needs to be replaced - about $100 if you're handy and don't call for outside repair. Everything is modular and just a couple screws. Takes about 30 minutes or less. Good luck.
The incorrect measure is the width of the fridge. It is about four inches wider than the booklet description.
"It comes with a short piece of "" OD plastic tubing on the back that you connect to. You have to supply the valve, fittings etc. to connect it."
The actual width is almost 36 inches.
all i can say is that in my opinion samsung after purchase service is non existent, if it is over 5 years old buy another brand.
No. Keep changing the filters. If not contact Samsung and let them know. Maybe there is something wrong with your unit. Cause we never had any problem at all. Hope this help!
Don't believe anything they tell you. The worst is yet to come. Didn't get an extended warranty and have had nothing but one thing after another...but no popping. I've had freezer thaw problems, ice dispenser, water dispenser, ice forming in under freezer - I don't have much hope the thing will last too long. Be ready to fight with them.
You can purchase more filters on amazon or at Home Depot and there is a YouTube video that shows how to replace it, it's pretty easy.
We have not.
No, magnets do not attach.
I bought mine last year from a local major home improvement store they sold it at a significantly lower price, and offered free delivery and installation. I preferred to buy it local as it would be easier if it appears any problem and because of the free delivery/installation.
Samsung WF330ANW 3.7 cu. ft. High Efficiency Front-Load Washer - White However they are discontinued because they are the worst Washers EVER.. Dont buy it.. waste of money..
has a pull out trey next to where the soap goes. on left of manchine . it is a good idea to pull whole tray out to clean periodically. has a tab push down to do this.
"Hi Yvette, I have this washing machine and it took a little getting used to but has worked very well for us. What do you mean exactly by "" wont spin out""?"
I believe they are good since I bought one over yr ago. but push the door to washer gently to shut. dont lean on dooror put weight on . I had to replace my door latch on inside of machine out of warranty due to it broke, made of plastic. the door has metal latch. also use pure cycle to clean monthly and leave door open to reduce the odor you will get if shut dr after washing. we use vinegar in wash to help if odor too. we dont have the dryer.
Finally received a response from samsung to do a one time fix. Had to write to the vice president for a response. The repair cost more than the cost of the machine. Remain persistent and keep writing emailing vice president of customer Affairs.
"the main unit is 3.5"" w x 4.25"" h. the remote is 2.5"" w x 3"" h."
Well, yeah. Usually the main unit is mounted on the wall in the house or set on a shelf. The outdoor would be mounted outside, mine is hung on a post under a bird feeder. :o)
The remote sensor has only an FCC number: S6Z-914655F Base station has three number in descending order 91756 and 5113 and V0270 I only have 1 remote station but inside the unit you can shift between three channels. On the base station you can choose 1 of the 3 channels to view the data.
Instructions were included when I received this product but they are available for download here....http://www.springfieldprecision.com/media/documents/springfield/instructionbooks/91756_IB.pdf
Google knows: http://www.weatherconnection.com/manuals/91756.pdf
The MIN/MAX button on the right shows 3 temperatures, high for the day, low for the day and current. Maybe you need to push the button to get to the current indoor reading :o)
No. It's also just plain crap as a thermometer
Can't say if it does or doesn't. But installing a new filter and hooking up the ice maker quieted my gf for a few days... priceless!
No it was a simple turn and pull. No leaking from the fridge at all.
Yes! My filter says the same thing. I went to lowe's and asked about it, they said its the same exact filter they just changed the last letter just to update it. But, yes, it is compatible.
Yes I believe it was the loose carbon. I had that happen before.
Usually you can turn off behind the fridge. I replaced mine without turning off the water, I am not saying that you shouldn't turn off the water.
If the old filter is model # HAF-CIN/EXP, it will fit. From what I have seen, this filter fits most Samsung Refrigerators that use the cartridge type filters.
My samsung light sometime goes 7 -8 months.before lighting and we use it a lot even fill the coffee pot everyday. So I don't think it is a timer. I feel wasteful if I change it before the light goes on even if I see the flow start to reduce.
Picture was from the website for the product, I didn't take it.
Samsung only make 2 water filters for refrigerator, this one is for French door and side by side. Since Samsung constantly makes new models, your model may not find on the list. My Frensh door refrigerator model is also not on the list, but it works fine.
I think the directions said you had to run quite a bit of water when you first replace the filter. We did that and had no problems with the taste. Hope it gets better.
yes it does
If you squeeze on both sides the screen just pops out.
Just the plastic collar -- no aluminum pipe
"The 4 "" measures the circle in the back for piping to connect to."
Yes
Yes
Twenty five inches. If you want more information about this washer--see my review and video: http://virginialynne.hubpages.com/video/Review-of-Amana-Standard-Tub-Dishwasher-ADB1000AWB
what is the question?
What is the question? If it's how do I like it. I LOVE IT! It washes the dishes! Those fancy digital things that cost $500 and $600. will drive you crazy. This will probably last for years! It is a workhorse!
Keep pressing the Mode button ( one long press once ) until minutes blinks, change minute with ADJ button (it moves minute forward one at a time or one long press to go fast ) when minutes sets then press Mode once, now the hours keeps blinking. Change the hours in forward by pressing ADJ button. When hrs sets, press the Mode button once to finish it. I hope this explains all. Good Luck.
"roughly 4"" x 4"""
very accurate.. I have several for home and office and one day I sat them next to each other and most deviation was 1 degree temp. and a couple percent humidity...
Check that the battery is 1) good, and 2) installed in the correct direction. If it does not turn on automatically when these are correct, then the unit may be faulty.
Its been long time for the question. It is easy. Look at the back. There are two buttons, one is a reset and other is C/F. Push that C/F button once to change from C or F.
Wish I knew. Mine is about 5 degrees off. Worthless.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE mine but I HATE propane. I'm used to natural gas and with propane it has to be set perfectly level or you get 'black soot' inside. Not the fault of the stove
yes, works well, as do all functions of heating. Do not care for stove top surface as to cleaning.
Yes
natural gas
"Yes! It was a thrill to find a good, basic ""plain old fashioned"" washer that works so well!"
I recently bought this Speed Queen washer and I couldn't be happier with it. I have been washing very big loads of jeans with no problem. I'm sure I have put at least 7 pairs in it. It is a real work horse.
The factory warranty is for 3 years, so you would gain little by buying that....
Yes it does.
I think the difference I models is the extra rinse option. The inside drum is pretty large but as with all washing machines you don't want to overload it. I have had the one with the extra rinse option for 6 months and absolutely love my washer.
Yes. There's a screw on the inside of the control panel and a video online that explains how to do it. I raised mine to the top of the drain holes and now it can accommodate a king size comforter with no problem. It literally takes 5 minutes to do.
3 ft. high and the drum is 21 inches deep.
Yes, you can.
Not sure & don't remember seeing it in the manual. It definitely is not as fast as the new high tech machines & things do come out damper which can affect dry time. However they also don't come out as wrinkled or tangled. Energy wise I don't see a real negative to this as the longest wash cycle takes about &#8531; the time as the shortest wash cycle on a high tech, so the extra dry time prob still uses less energy overall to wash & dry.
Yes. Almost all detergent is now marked HE. We are using it in our washer and have been for weeks in our older one we just got rid of. Additionally, the new HE detergent is made to have less suds, since the new washers use less water and more enzymes to break down the dirt. So you would only need to be concerned if you had a new HE washer and put too much soap in your wash, as your clothes wouldn't be free of the soap at the end. The main thing we will all notice by using HE stamped detergent is less suds in our traditional top loader.
"I take mine down to the local welding supply store. They have CO2, Oxygen, Propane, Butane, Acetylene, etc. I had a cool looking bottle that came with mine, silver color with black logo on the side. They would not fill it for me. I had to exchange it for a scratched up full one, but nobody opens the door and says, ""Ewe gross"" or anything like that. :)"
No it does not!
Hi Susan, Thank you for the interest you have shown in our products. I have confirmed with our sales department that these Haier units do fit the Coors kegs. If you have any other questions you are more than welcome to call into our Sales Department and they will be able to answer all the technical questions you have. You can reach them at 800-710-9939 option 1. Thanks and we look forward to hearing from you soon! Allie Beverage Factory 800-710-9939
About 4 months, depending on the conditions your kegerator is in (i.e inside / outside / temps) If it's in indoor use one around 4 months
As far as I know it is auto defrost, when i check on the temp daily (have a thermometer installed) I do not see any buildup in the back.
I have one, it is probably about the same but you might notice it a little bit more though if it is in the living room like mine though. It is not a problem, buy it.
"Here are the manufacturer's specs: Width: 35 3/4"" Width (Door Open 90 with Handle): 44 1/4"" Width (Door Open 90 without Handle): 39 1/4"" Depth with Handles: 30"" Depth without Handles: 27 1/2"" Depth without Door: 23 5/8"" Depth (Total with Door Open): 42 1/4"" Height to Top of Case: 68 3/8"" Height to Top of Door Hinge: 69 3/4"" Door Edge Clearance with Handle: 4 1/2"" Door Edge Clearance without Handle: 1 3/4"" Installation Clearance: Sides 1/8"", Top 1"", Back 1"""
"I have had this just over a year and haven't had to replace any lights but I did download the manual from the LG site. According to the manual (page 15) the freezer light can be replaced by removing the cover using a screwdriver and replacing with any 60 watt appliance bulb. The manual which you can download here, http://www.lg.com/us/support/refrigerators has a diagram for doing so. However, for the refrigerator, the manual states that: ""This model has special LED interior lighting and service should be performed by a qualified technician."""
No
No
The same happens to my LG. Doesn't bother me much.
Is the ice tray completely empty of ice? Sometimes if it is half full of ice it won't work. Completely empty the ice tray and give it 24 hours.
This is in stock with LG- we however do not find they can ship in 2-3 days, they generally ship in about 5. But if you can wait a few extra days you can save a lot of money! Melanie with Goedekers
LG's warranty is 1 year full parts and labor on everything. Goedeker's warranty covers the compressor for 10 years. If LG already offers a 10 year part warranty on the compressor Goedeker's warranty will add the labor so you will get full parts and labor coverage on the compressor for ten years.
This item is shipped by freight delivery.
Mostly, in our case delivery was included but we had to pay extra $50 for taking it up the stairs and setting it up.
I could not find the model number on my humidifier, but it is the Vicks Starry Night cool mist humidifer. and the filter fits mine.
"The filter is 5"" high with an OD (outside diameter) of 6"" and an ID (inside diameter) of 4""."
don't let the round size fool you. it will form to fit just about anything ..
"The box does use the term ""antimicrobial"" and says "". . . filter inhibits up to 99.99% of mold growth on the filter"" ""This filter is treated with Aquastat XR, an antimicrobial agent contained in this product which is intended to prolong life by inhibiting the growth of unsightly mold, mildew, and algae, as well as controlling odors from odor-causing bacteria on the filter. The antimicrobial in the filter does not protect users or others against bacteria, viruses, germs or other disease-causing organisms."" Hope that answers your question."
Yes
yes, they have a metal piece in them.
It works great in my Vicks Vaporizer. That's all I know. Good Price!
According to the package, it does show the Vicks V3600 on the list. Hope this helps.
sorry but i am not sure.
It's a little tall. Had to trim it.
no, it arrives just as pictured.
Mine did not come w/inst. However, since I used to study weather, I can try to answer the problem if you have one.
"It ""could"" be adapted to hang on a wall. There are no prefab openings in the wood to hang on wall mounts. The real intent is for it to sit on a flat surface such as a shelf or table."
Sorry, I have no way of knowing how the station performs other than in our location.
Yes. It looks nice.
It was not designed to be hung on the wall, but you could probably do it if you add your own brackets.
I don't know that's why I said it us junk nothing works
Jack, I emailed the manufacture and they sent some instructions. This is what they sent to me: To set your barometer please follow these instructions: 1. Get an accurate barametric pressure reading from your weather service or airport. 2. Turn the adjustment screw, if you need to, to the barometer to the reading of your weather station. 3. There are two needles. One that automatically follows the changes in atmospheric pressure while the other one remains fixed until moved by hand. 4. Set the movable dail by hand to coincide with the needle marking the current pressure. 5. Watch for the needle that follows the pressure changes to move up or down from that fixed point. Tap the barometer lightly before taking the reading. 6. Compare the readings to the weather reports and other reports of barometric pressures in your area to confirm the accuracy of your unit. I hope this helps!
Once out of the package you let it sit at room temp. for about an hour, then you read the lowest colored ball.
I think it's a year or two. But you're going to need the extended warranty. That said, I beg you not to buy this machine.
Motor needs replacement. Very common with these models. My firstly motor lasted 2 yrs
Excellent question. Very well worded.
Samsung Water filter part # DA29-0002B
115 Volts AC
"The MobileWasher's delicate cycle generates it's power from precise wrist action. While cocking the wrist and utilizing a ""GI Joe"" type hand grip the user can accurately desoil most fine fabrics. Heavier soiling however requires a looser, more modified dual wrist action that is best used in combination with a ""Kung foo"" style grip. Full on elbow motion only enhances the efficiency on this stain setting. An open leg stance with hip sway AND full back arching are required to attain a vigorous agitation cycle. In either case, this washer's shaft is sturdy, rock hard, smooth and comfortable to grip. This alone easily separates it from the barbarian like action of a washboard, thus making it an efficient, caring washer for all your filthy fabrics."
"Are you asking if the sink is too big? I don't think so - seems some folks just use the bathtub! I measured the plastic tub I use (which I put in the bathtub) - it is a 12""x17"" rectangle that is 12"" deep. I can wash a load of undies, or a couple shirts and slacks or a queen sheet in the tub without even filling it clear up. I would think if you use a laundry sink, which might be bigger, you would just keep the water more shallow. You can tell when you have the water high enough to plunge the clothes around easily. In fact, I was just reading the newer reviews here and I like the idea of putting a laundry basket inside the washing tub so you can lift out the clothes to empty the water. You could certainly do that inside a laundry tub! Also, I just did a couple loads yesterday and am still enjoying the mobile washer - short handle and all. My handle has not loosened, but I'm sure I can fix it if it does. I really do like this device - it keeps my inner hippy chick alive in my social security aged body!"
You simply put your dirty clothes in a sink, tub or bucket with a small amount of water and detergent (enough to cover them), place the MobileWasher on top of them and move it up and down. After a few minutes when the clothes are clean you put them in clean water and repeat the up and down motion in order to rinse the dirty water and detergent out. Do a quick search on Youtube and you'll find a number of how-to videos.
Hanging them outside to dry is the best way. A mechanical wringer would get them dry enough for an automatic dryer, but good ones are not cheap or readily available. While hand-wringing sort of works on woven fabrics, it's not a good idea for knits because they get stretched out of shape. Debbie is right about the dripping, and it's hard to wring heavy fabrics like denim jeans. Knit sweaters and tops can be squeezed to get much of the water out, and if you wrap a clean dry towel around them you can squeeze out even more, then hang the towel to dry with the rest of the laundry.
If you only have a couple of small items such as underwear, it is just as easy to use your hands. However, if you have larger items such as sheets, towels, and regular clothing it is easier and more efficient with the MobileWasher. I absolutely love mine.
I have two buckets that I believe are 3 gallon size. It does work in them, and since I am using them to wash cloth diapers it helps me to keep the number lower to clean, but I think a 5 gallon bucket would be better. I highly recommend this washer. I use it to prewash the diapers since our machine is an HE type--low water and diapers does NOT mix--but have also used it on other items that I needed without wanting to do a full machine load and it was great.
Does your broomstick have a screw thread? Because you need to screw the stick into the cone. The circumference of the thread from the stick it comes with is 2 & 3/8 inches. The width and space between each thread is 1/8 inch. I tried it in the bathtub and it does not work as well as in the 5 gallon bucket. Actually, you will do more energy work in the bathtub. In the bucket, you don't use as much energy and the MobileWasher is more powerful with the suction and pushing air and water through the clothes to make them very clean, better than the washer machine.
Don't know about instructions. Just be aware that a small amount of detergent is enough. Two or three small pieces of clothing is plenty. A five gallon paint bucket is fine. Just agitate to your hearts content. Use lots of water for rinsing. A little fabric softener in the final rinse works ok. One item at a time is ideal but not water wise. It works in a pinch but no blankets and sheets.
Yes any bucket will work as long as it is wider than a plunger. But you can often get the buckets at menards, lowes, home depo, walmart or even grocery stores that have deli you can ask the manager sometimes they will give them to you or sell them dirt cheap.
It works better and more simply. We tried a regular plunger and it just didn't compare.
is it still running...if the lights are on, it is...unplug it
You cannot and it will cause the rubber bellow to tear. Use less clothes per wash only way to make the machine last. Its a horrible product.
Yes - I can put a load of clothes and a set of sheets comfortably in one wash.
I had the same problem and in my case, the sensor assembly needed to be replaced. Seems to be a common problem with this model and the manufacturer does not really seem to have an answer.
Illus. Part No. No. DESCRIPTION 1 W10290499 Bellow 2 8540108 Clamp, Bellow To Tub 3 W10253483 Lock, Door 4 8540725 Screw 5 8540221 Hook, Door 6 W10217563 Clamp, Bellow To Front Panel 7 W10300867 Frame Assembly, Door Front 8 W10300865 Handle, Door 9 8540282 Screw 10 8540513 Screw 11 W10205548 Glass, Door 12 W10207904 Frame, Door Back Support 13 W10210893 Hinge, Door 14 W10015090 Screw http://shared.whirlpoolcorp.com/assets/pdfs/literature/Repair%20Part%20List%20-%20W10266828.pdf
Eho, this model has the Luxury Glide design for the crisper drawers.
Unfortunately, Electrolux does not mention removing the entire ice maker, or provide any instructions that would indicate you can do so. However, you can turn off the unit and remove the bin which would give you a bit more space.
The doors are Stainless Steel.
Unfortunately this does not.
Yea, just need to reach back and knock the ice forward, then when it gets full, push the wire sensor all the way up to shut it off until it gets low, then put it back down to turn it back on. Not a problem
This is a current model!
Hi Satesh, Yes this icemaker has an onoff switch and also offers a locking option that would allow you to leave the ice maker on but control the access to the ice maker. Please feel to call us at 888-768-1710 if you have any other questions. Melanie with Goedeker's
couldn't be better. If I had one complaint it is that the ice maker takes up 1/4 of the freezer space. It does work very well though. We just bought a little chest freezer at Costco for about $160 and that solved our need for more freezer space. Other than that it is quiet as a mouse and works perfect. I recommend it.
"Yes, it does. It is 11"" in dia. and has a removable (cleanable) carriage underneath that fits on a triangular rotating hub."
"The base diameter of the plate is 11"" but there is room inside for something 12 1/2"" wide and will still rotate if centered on the plate. Hope this helps!"
length
Product Dimensions 14.8 deep x 20.3 wide x 12 inches high
Hit numbers fast ex. For 20 seconds , hit 2-0-start quickly otherwise it will give you 2 minutes but it sounds like you know that.
Our prices do change from day to day, especially with Frigidaire!
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! Our prices do change regularly. We do everything possible to offer the lowest prices with the best service. Because of this, if the manufacturer changes our prices (which happens often) we have to alter your price as well. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedekers
yes
Yes
http://www.amazon.com/Factory-Original-Whirlpool-4391960-Replaces/dp/B00F4MHN86 Look here, I would say Yes! This page/ltem l linked to shows both numbers .There are only a few part numbers that replace a whole bunch of them. Did you get the number off your old unit?I say YES, IT WILL WORK!!!
For my 1995-96 Kenmore the dryer heating element worked great and took less than 10 minutes to install. Hope this helps
there should be some old numbers on the old element, and there should be numbers here you cross over to this number. You may have to do a search elsewhere for the cross reference numbers, but if you put the numbers from your old element in a search, it should lead you to if this will work. This is a pretty common element.
Yes
Yes
The link to the element you need is here. The part # is 348774 http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-Part-Number-348774-Element/dp/B0050KJVNC
This part is listed as the replacement for you dryer.
Unfortunately we only ship within the United States.
Idk mine is a different model
Just go to the sears appliance parts website and type in your model and it will give you a breakdown of parts and will list the part numbers for your model.
I believe that it will work.
2 clips hold it on to the motor. The motor shaft slides out of the pump
Possibly....but the best way to ensure it's correct is to get the model number off of the washer then go to www.searspartsdirect.com and find the part number for the pump. The model number is located on a tag just under the lid at the back of the washer. An alternative would be to pull the old part and get the number off of it. For what it's worth I installed this on an 80 series.
No. You have to use existing clips or find them online or at an appliance store.
Not sure, but it was a perfect fit for my washer.
We bought two, both of which immediately began leaking from the top. (Which was our problem to begin with.) We paid so little for the part, (under $20) that we didn't bother with the return. What we did was put glue on the top which was leaking and it has worked just fine. Its been about 3 months.
The best thing to do is to remove the one from the washer and compare it with The one that you want to buy that's what I did.
My #s were off by a few too. I do not recall which ones because it was so long ago. I do recall being concerned aboutit, but the pumps looked the same. It all worked out fine. Look at the shape, and the bolt hole placement.
The one listed on the list and when you get it in the mail you'll see there's a decal with that part on the other side of that pump
You just shove the water line in, easy as that, it's amazing. I've used about 6 of them and they all work perfectly, no drips. Its a snug fit but there's more to it than that. The openings are actually tapered like a funnel, just ever so slightly, and it also has a spring loaded mechanism that prevents the tubing from being pulled out accidentally. If you do however need to remove the already in-place water line simply press down firmly on the spring loaded collar ( you'll see what I'm talking about once you have it in your hands of you decide to but it) and gently pull out on the water line simultaneously. It's magical :)
We offer free shipping.
"Yes it works on 1/4"" tubing like you find on a refrigerator line, that is what I am using it for."
Yes that's exactly what it means.
I have only experience with water application,it is a strong little valve,my water pressure exceeds 60 psi and have had no issues in 8 months
Yes, it's designed for that tubing and I use a couple of these on my RO system.
Yes, works on copper or plastic. Most JG fittings (if not all) work with copper.
The element is 7 1/2 inches wide and with the pan, it is 9 1/2 inches wide.
My stove is a brand new Kenmore. It fits perfectly, it does not over heat around the element and the stove is protected from my big canner sitting on it with the excess heat. I love it! I am going to buy a 2nd for the other big burner to cann on.
This fits all stoves, except GE and Hotpoint, which have special connections and are harder to find and usually costs over $100. I had a GE so researched this thoroughly and could not afford to put that kind of money out. Now I have a Kenmore (basically a Whirlpool) and this generic one works great and affordable too!
The box lists Frigidaire on it. It has the two prong connection.
I found your model on the GE website and it is a smooth top range. This canner element is for a range that has individual elements that you can put in and take out. According to what I saw on the website, your range comes with a large burner and a hot burner, so it will probably work for canning unless the manual says not to use it for canning. If you want a separate canner element, look up hot plates for canning on Amazon. Some have good reviews.
the one i bought fits most stoves but will not fit GE. Check with Range Kleen who made my element. They have a websight
I don't see Hotpoint listed on the box. But it is an 8 inch plug in type element. Check on www.rangekleen.com Hopefully you can get the information there. I love this element. Raises canner up off the stove.
I have a whirlpool super capacity 465 and it works great. So I would presume that it would fit other whirlpool ranges but that I don't know about for sure. That was one of the best gifts I got for Christmas.
I HOPE IT WILL WORK PERFECTLY.
I have two of these elements and have used all sizes of canners from small to 22 quart.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! This oven is self cleaning. Also, the bake element is hidden, not directly inside the oven cavity. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great weekend! -Danielle at Goedeker's
"Cutout Width : 25 5/8"" Cutout Depth : 23 1/2"" Cutout Height : 43 5/"
"The Home Depot site gives every possible bit of data incl. inside, outside, cutout size etc. Go to: http://www.homedepot.com/p/t/203716503?productId=203716503&langId=-1&catalogId=10053&cm_mmc=SEM|THD|D29A&skwcid=TC|14688|ew27mc65js||S|e|28749482142&mid=s7XwqxTrA_mtid_8903tb925190_pcrid_28749482142_pkw_ew27mc65js_pmt_e&gclid=CLiZkZj8kLcCFWbhQgodsXQA3Q#.UY_A_7VwpyQ If you can't click on the link I posted, just go to HD's site and enter the model number in their search box. I believe Electrolux also makes the same oven in a 30"" model. We were replacing an elderly oven and couldn't have gone with anything wider w.o. major cabinet rebuilding. Our cabinets were/are in excellent condition. Wife still raves about her oven racks on ball bearings."
To me it sounds like there is no problem with the faucet itself, but maybe the beer is over carbonated if you force carbonated your beer or your serving pressure may be too high. I'd try turning off the co2 and purging the keg, then reset the pressure from about 5-10 psi and go from there. If the beer ends up being over carbonated, I'd purge the pressure off again and let it sit without any pressure on it for a day or two and see if it mellows out any.
Chek the black oring, it must be not as it should be, do you have the faucet tool?
"It works fine with one hand, but you need an additional part: either a hand pump (""picnic pump"") or a CO2 source. One or the other is required to pressurize the keg, after which tipping the handle is easily done with one hand while the other holds the cup."
Please call SPT customer support for assistance. The phone number is 800-330-0388 and the office hours are from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
Yes, the heat will only transfer to the pan that is placed on the unit. There has to be direct contact for the heat to transefer.
It is made to be used built-in or free-standing so as long as you use it according to the manufacturer's instructions, you will be fine. I use mine as free-standing.
We put it in countertop on our boat. It was less then 29 inches. It is pretty close to the dimensions listed. The whole is smaller than the top because it tapers. I love this cooktop so far. Heats up super fast on high so be careful to watch it if you use the high setting.
I am copying the specification from the instructions that came with it : Voltage 120V ~/60Hz (it does not say the Amps but probably 15?) , power consumption 1300W (max) , dimension 11.625 L x 15 W x 2.25H in., power range 100~1300 W, temperature range 100 F ~ 390 F, cord length 4ft. Cut out is 10-14/16 wide x 14-4/16 long (the cut out is just half inch smaller all around the cooktop). I have had for a few months now and loving it! Looks great, functions great, good price too. Definitely recommended!
Please call SPT customer support for assistance. The phone number is 800-330-0388 and the office hours are from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
"The SR-963T cooktop must have at least 7"" of space underneath it."
I had the same problem and went on line and found there are several yahoo.tube and I think some YouTube videos that show how to do get to the chopper to unclog, repair, or replace it. It's not too involved and even if your mechanical abilities are moderate, you should be OK. If you are a total klutz then pay the repair guys or replace the unit. And if you are fairly good at that stuff it should take between 15 and 30 minutes. In any case no previous dishwasher knowledge is necessary. I learned that one thing that wrecks the chopper is paper (usually from paper labels on jars or containers). It gets partially disintegrated from the water and soap and as the paper bits go through the chopper they ball up which get between the blades and push them off the shaft. Good luck. BTW: KithenAid, Kenmore, and Whirlpool dishwashers are all made by Whirlpool. The interiors of all those units appear to be the same with the same repair procedures.
My Kitchen Aid dish washer is made by Whirlpool, I assume they all are. In terms of where they are made, I don't know for sure but believe they are made in the US.
No, the wine glass holders didn't work well for us. A couple failed (as did another plastic part), and they rapidly lost their flex. It was very gentle on china - we've absolutely no complaints there.
"There is no ""rinse and hold"" function on the similar model KUDS30FXSS. Also, even small bits of food clog the filter, so I would recommend rinsing before loading. Actually, I would recommend not buying kitchenaid, as I've had to have mine repaired 3 times in 2 years."
I do not think you can. You can buy filters fairly cheap. Search on internet. Do you have the in-refrigerator ice maker? If so does it work? Mine quit few days after warranty-expiration. Piece of junk.
This refrigerator has a defective ice maker. There is a class action lawsuit in effect for it. You can probably find it on line. Frigidaire is made by Electrolux and they have very similar unit that is also in the suit.
I didn't. I replaced this sub-standard fridge with an LG.
I don't know what that means but the icemaker in this refridgerator is the worst in every way. Mine is 2 years old and I can't tell you how many times the repair people have been to my house to try and fix it. Even when it works it barely makes enough ice for a two person household.
Assuming you don't have a problem with the water supply to the refrigerator and the filter is clean, the water line is probably frozen. It runs behind the ice maker mechanism and that section is known to ice up. It's a known issue and part of the myriad of issues with this unit that go wrong.
"I have no clue. I assume you have ice maker in fridge. Mine quit working a few days after warranty expired. After a little research, I find that many have problems with this ice maker. Frigidaire response, ""TOUGH"". I did find ice in the fan. No idea why. Used a hair dryer to melt it. I do not use the ice maker anymore."
No problem with crisper. Has anyone had problems with ice maker in fridge, not in freezer. Mine is a piece of junk.
May need to change filter. I have this piece of crap fridge. Ice maker quit working right after warranty expired. Ice maker is a well known problem to Frigidaire and they will not do anything. Better of buying cheap brand with old type ice maker.
Couple of things here...........It sounds like you did not use the ice maker regularly. Is there ice in the tray? Is the door dripping from melting ice? Does that tray appear heavy, if yes there is ice in the tray. If there is ice in the tray then it is likely a solid piece of ice has formed, preventing the tray from sliding out or jammed in the door.
Long term I have not heard of an actual fix that works to make this refrigerator's ice maker reliable. That is why I have joined the class action suit mentioned in earlier posts. Short term this is what I did. I shut off the ice maker, defrosted the ice maker section with a blow dryer (to speed up the defrosting of the ice buildup in the back.) In my case I had ice build up in the back of the unit which caused it to malfunction. I used towels to sop up the water as it melted. This became tedious as it kept recurring. We have hardwood floors and can't baby sit the refrigerator every second so I bit the bullet and bought a new refrigerator (Samsung, which I LOVE). The Frigidaire is a horror show.
They are made in China
I have no problem with this on my ice machine. I have an in line pre filter that takes all the impurities out of the water before it reaches the ice machine. Any inline water filter from your local hardware store should do the trick.
Inch squares
I am using our unit indoors with AC. I can't answer your question.
I never got any mold. If I did I would wipe down with a sponge and some bleach
No it is not loud. You can here it running but acceptable. I have it installed in my basement bar and love it. I only turn it on when I am having company. This unit will require a floor drain or condensate pump. Very happy with the unit. Hope this helps.
I don't know if an out of balance condition could affect the pump but it is possible. If it is leaking at all, then replacing it is imperative. It will only get worse. Try searching the internet for a video on how to replace it. Then you will have a better idea of all the affected parts.
If you're wondering if this is the original equipment replacement part just know it is NOT. This comes in a simple brown box simply marked with the part number. It was a perfect match for my whirlpool gold series washer. Hope this helps.
No, you need pump - 3363892.
With model number through Sears Parts or Cashwell Appliance Parts (web site)
yes, it will fit that washer.
I believe it will. Seems like they use the same style pump.
I have a whirlpool, not sure. The item I got was misshapen and did not work, leaked badly, be careful of the supplier mine came thru amazon from Deep Discount Co.
Mine was a whirlpool, but from the video on you tube there are only 1 or 2 types total. If you tip the machine up and it looks like yours I would give it a try. Seriously only took 10 min. The you-tube video from the manufacturer was much more involved than it needed to be. Don't worry about taking the machine apart, just lay it on it's side and you will have access without having to dismantle it. Power off of course. Good luck.
Thank you fro contacting us. Shipping can take up to 3-7 business days, please let us know if you have any further questions.
As long as it says it is an exact replacement for your washer model # then it fits.
Not sure of your question. I found it easier to cut into the ceiling and mount it into the rafters than to cut the fan stack itself. Then I dry-walled and patched around the fan stack. The result is what I wanted. I don't think you can cut the stack without doing some major damage to the stack (i.e. bending it or creating bad cut marks), but a professional may be able to do what you want.
From the bottom of the vents to the top of the first housing cover is 24.5 inches. Our 8 foot ceiling uses 9 inches of the extension considering where we put the vents - 26 inches above the stove top.
Sorry, I don't know, I didn't install by myself
No....I have a 1970's ceiling. Good hood for the price. Works great....I wish the fan was quieter but a quieter one would of been triple the price.
My local Home Depot says they are coming soon, but I would think this should be offered by Amazon from AKDY, so I would go back to Amazon customer service and ask them to find a provider.
Just subtract 12...this is super nice for the price
* For ductless option, you only need additional carbon filters available at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004S96K6C for $29.9;
These types of LED lights are changeable only by replacing the entire light socket. Big box stores and online versions are available. I have not done any as of yet, and hope they last a long time since they are LED.
It can be. We didn't have to go ductless as we worked with a contractor who recommended using a duct.
I looked this up for you. Hope it helps. Have a Blessed day. LT700P COMPATIBILITY The LT700P is compatible with the following LG refrigerators. LFX25978SB, LFX25978ST, LFX25978SW LFX25991ST LFX28968SB, LFX28968ST, LFX28968SW LFX28978SB, LFX28978ST, LFX28978SW LFX28979SB, LFX28979ST, LFX28979SW LFX28991ST LFX28995ST LFX29927SB, LFX29927ST, LFX29927SW LFX29945ST LFX31925SB, LFX31925ST, LFX31925SW LFX31935ST LFX31945ST LFX31995ST LFX32945ST LFX33974ST LMX25986SB, LMX25986ST, LMX25986SW LMX25988SB, LMX25988ST, LMX25988SW LMX28988SB, LMX28988ST, LMX28988SW LMX30995ST LMX31985ST LSFD2591ST LSSB2791ST
According to LG.com you need LT700P filter for your refrigerator. The number of the filter you have quoted also says that it similar to LT700P. Both may work but if I can find LT700P on Amzon with the same price (with shipping) I would go for LT700P.
Yes, it will replace the kenmore 46-9690 filter, I took a gamble and it fits perfect!
Yes it does it is printed right on the original box
No
The recommend filter for your fridge model number is the LG LT700P filter.
Good Question! Yes the LG LT7000P Will fit in fridge model # LFX31945st. Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you DiscountFilterStore.com!
That model # is not listed for this filter. Go to the LG website to verify the correct filter.
Yes
Sanjeev. Yes, this LG LT700P will fit this 28' French Door LG refrigerator. According to the information available at the LG.com site. Your refrigerator calls for a ADQ36006101 filter - which is directly compatible with the LG LT700O filter. I hope this helps?
yes, on walmart.com somebody says it works for a haier dryer. im happy somebody replied becuz i just bought a haier washer dryer too. hope this helps u
We adjusted the shelf by buying 4 hose clamps to allow the shelf to be sturdy and lower. The cost was minimal and has worked great for us. You can get them at Home Depot or Lowes.
"I thought the dimensions were on the description but it is 51 1/4"" tall and 21"" deep at the base, 13 1/2"" deep at the top and 28 1/4"" wide."
I've had mine just sitting on the shelf for about a year. It moves a little but it's safe!
"The Avanti dryer has built-in ""nut"" type openings on the bottom. The ""bolt"" legs screw into the bottom through the top shelf wires thus the dryer is mounted to the top shelf. The shelf itself is secured against the back wall so that both dryer and shelves are secure. It has worked well for us."
I don't remember exactly where they're located, because I ended up selling my stand last year when I moved to another home with laundry attached - but yes, there are brackets to bolt the entire unit to the wall (all the way to the studs, I believe).
No, it's not deep enough by a few inches because that is the larger 13lb Sonya dryer. That shelf was designed for the 8.8lb Avanti dryer that is about the same size as the Sonya SYD-40E. I previously owned the Avanti and used with the stand. Now I have the Sonya SYD-60E and had to build a custom shelf in my laundry closet because this model is both taller and deeper and too big for the shelf. It does fit the smaller Sonya model SYD-40E. Hope this helps.
It will fit over a small one , not a high one. You can put it over a small one and and use the shelf on top for soap. I was very pleased with this purchase.
Just a wrench to tighten the bolts
The sonya washer and SMALL sonya dryer will fit perfectly. I can't comment on Panda.
I looked at Sears Parts Central website and compared the picture and specs against this one and I think it's a match. This Supco is a pretty generic replacement for most Kenmore refrigerators made by Whirlpool. If not Amazon will take it back.
Rodney, The Ice Maker comes complete as a whole unit. It is easy to install and works wonderfully.
I don't know we put it on a older Kitchen Aid and it has been working great.
I bought it for a Kenmore. You can check on partsappliancepros.com They have a good listing of parts
No.
Yes, this will work on your model
Unfortunately I'm not finding your part number listed as one the will work with this icemaker.
The Supco RIM943 is the ice maker in its entirety. You can purchase a Kitchenaid Ice Maker for the KSSC42FJS00 model Refrigerator from Sears. If these 2 Ice Makers are interchangeable, I do not know.
This does not seem to be a correct model number. Nothing comes up on the whirlpool website for this model number. It should be on the inside of the fridge on the wall.
i have no idea.
There's several possibilities. Google 'Whirlpool Duet and those codes and you may find an answer. There's also a YouTube video that might help. Good luck.
No it's not going to leak, but it the drum will be off balance and the bearings will go next. This model is pure junk. Hope you bought the warranty..
I don't know about that. We did not have leaking, rather the drainline was constantly getting clogged. We replaced this washer with another brand after 2 1/2 years due to ongoing problem.
Bellows repeated wears out, causing leaks and a difficult repair to deplace a $100 part. 4 times now in 5 years. Design flaw . Should be replaced or there should be a class action suit
There is no easy way. You will need to disassemble the whole machine. In my opinion they are junk. You also need to replace the bearing. That be next thing that go out. More info Utube videos.
It's designed to make less suds for less water usage and rinse time. Make sure you are using HE (high efficiency) detergent.
"If you haven't used a front loader before, you may be surprised at how little water it uses. Just trust the results. If you have a bulky load (like a comforter) you can use the ""bulky"" cycle, which uses a little more water."
I have no idea. We've had to call a service tech out once for this machine and twice for the dryer in less than a year of ownership. They were Whirlpool preferred techs and they were reasonably priced so you may have to take that route.
Look on Youtube. But I think you need remove everything on the inside first before you can remove the front.
I can't give an accurate answer. That's not the model I own. Sorry
Yes
no
Don't buy it ...having issues with the unit freezing up.
With ours, any setting below 46 degrees will cause anything in the back half to freeze -- water, tea, diet drinks (with the exception would be regular soda). This probably doesn't help you if you've already bought the thing! Seems like a finicky refrigerator in general with settings, and needs to have air circulating inside it to allow the interior to be cooled equally. I would guess just from our experience that even if it's set to 37, it's much cooler toward the back than that. Good luck!
As long as the original one is identical to this one ie: same label plate specs it will work
y-30128-35af , however it comes standard with a natural gas orifice. It is rated for natural gas or propane. I do believe the nc-4111-5s came with a propane orifice. You would have to swap your original orifice with the one that comes on the valve ( if you have LP ) The orifice is the brass fitting that fits inside the open end of the burner tube.
The only answer I can give is look at valve # 3203702 then compare it with the specs on range valve Y-30128-35A and see if it matches . I can not give any more information pertaining to your case . I will say that if the two do appear to be similar in appearance then it is a good bet that it will work . If not then it probably isn't worth the trouble to try it .
The valve is for use on either LP or NG but you may need to take the orifice (or nipple) off your old valve if the holes are different sizes
"There are only three things that are needed for this to work . One is the internal resistance, second is the electrical connector, and last is the mounting holes or clips . The last two can be adjusted to fit your range ( I had to use the old connector ) without any adverse effects . The internal resistance is something that can not be changed . I have been told that they are all in the same range but I can not state that as an absolute . The fact that the part is about $50 to $ 100 cheaper than what anyone else is asking is a good reason to gamble on the part . If you do not alter it in any way it can still be returned for a refund if inoperable . The only thing that might be altered is the connector that plugs into it and that is in the wiring not in the part . I would suggest that you take off the bottom pan in your oven ( normally 4 screws ) and look to see if the old part matches the one in the picture . It is not difficult and is straightforward to replace even though the instructions are a little "" sketchy "" . I hope this helps you or at least sheds some light on your question ."
depends on model # of the range if I had model I could let you know
Same thing.
I do not know if the part in question will actually work with a Tappan oven . The best answer I can give is to look at the one in your oven and see if it resembles the one pictured . They all work on the same principle and it is mostly the gas in size ( NPT thread size ) and the electrical connections that will determine if it will fit your range or not . The other determining factor is the internal resistance that triggers the valve to open but I do think that the values are the same . The best I can say is try it and see . If the original looks the same it probably is .
He'll there, I am not sure if it is UL listed or not, I only knew that I would have paid triple the amazon price of I have got it from the manufacture. I purchased it and was not even sure if it will work or for my oven type or not. I installed it and it works like a champ since then! One thing to let you be aware of, the images in Amazon has it with the wire plug included, it did not come with the plug as it show but it came with a wire replacement. I would give the actual part 5 out of 5 Good luck!
I don't know if this fits Maytag. It does fit Kenmore/Whirlpool, but I did have to change the orifice to the original as huge flames were coming out of the burner.
This is not an exact replacement. Do not try this. I did and had to make a lot of alterations to the unit which included removing the brackets from the original unit. It is not worth the savings even though it works. Even the mounting screws on the back do not match. I am a retired machinist and have always done all my home maintenance and you are better off buying the exact replacement unit from a GE distributor. I have since bought another complete range which includes the oven. The wife is now happy that her pies and turkeys come out the way she is used to.
I went to the GE website and located their suggested replacement part. Using the same criteria, I found the same part even with matching part numbers on Amazon, and saved about $65.
What I did to find the one for my GE oven, was to go to the factory website (Hotpoint, in your case) and locate the specific item needed. Then search on Amazon for the same part by the Hotpoint part number. Saved myself about $85 by doing that. Good luck!
The bracket has to be modified and the old mounting hardware adapted. If I had to do it again I would search for an exact replacement. My wife was afraid of it once she looked in the oven and saw the way it was mounted (weeks later and after she had used it). I ended up buying her a new oven to keep her happy!
I have no idea. I bought my element for a Kenmore range.
No, you want WB44K10002 to replace the broil element for that model range.
No fan. I set it on a formica table with no damage and didn't feel any heat on the table itselt. I put up 20 jars of jam using it.
Made in the good ole USA !
This has turned out to be an excellent hot plate for both canning and pressure cooking. We now do our pressure cooking (canned salmon) on this hot plate sitting in our barbeque outdoors on the deck to avoid any odors in our home. It works well and I'm sure you'll have no problems with it.
This product has a standard 3-prong grounded cord with a length of approximately 3 feet or 0.914 meters.
It has infinite settings and although I haven't tried it, I think it will. Unit is very heavy duty, the same as an electric range. 40 lbs. is a helluva heavy cookware. I think it will do it, how many times, I don't know.
Yes. The element lifts up and the drip pan can be removed and cleaned. The unit is mostly commercial grade stainless steel and very easy to keep clean.
The temperature is accurate as any stove top with the same tungsten elements. They will fluctuate, it's the nature of the material. But my experience is that it will fluctuate between my Temperature and +2 degrees. The unit is very well built, light-weight, sturdy and strong. It has a 3 foot power cord with a ground prong. The case is made of Stainless Steel and it stands off the counter top approximately 5/8 of an inch. It has an Indicator light to show the heat cycle is turned on and the light will go off when the cycle is done. With a fast cycle, it maintains the heat setting very well. However, if your looking to add this to your Science Laboratory to maintain constant temperature at precisely 180 degrees ... or your experiment will fail.. then look elsewhere. Otherwise this is a fine product for anything else you want to cook. I'd bet it is more accurate than the Oven in your home.
I don't know if you can, but the hot plate can handle the weight.
The way I understand it, it is the maximum. Anything bigger has to be plugged in to 220 not 110.
Yes! We used this as our one and only burner during a home remodel. We were replacing a not-so-great stove and I found this burner to be better and more even than the burners I was used to. We were able to manage cooking for our family of five with this burner, a good toaster oven and the microwave.
No, it will not. ULTRAWF can be used in place of the WF3CB as an upgraded filter, but the WF3CB cannot be used in place of the ULTRAWF.
My model has the filter in the upper right corner in the fridge. I was able to push in and the filter releases and comes out. Then place the new one in and do the same. Push in and it will stay in place. That is it. Most simple filter change I have ever done. Hope this helps as some models are different than others. Good Luck.
It depends on how much you use the water from your fridge, the filter is good for X amount of gallons.
Thank you for your question. The retail price is based primarily on what we can get the product at wholesale. There are times when the individual prices are going to be less than the package deals. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Jason Troncone Alpha Omega Group
Yes. They have a pure source 2 also but this is the 3.
Ahhh. not that I noticed. It's not reverse osmosis, if that's what you're hoping for. Taste and odor is the main points on this. Doesn't filter nitrates. If you're on city water, they should filter out state standards in their systems.
No. I made the mistake of getting one at Home Depot, too big. Ended up having to order the Pure Source 3 online.
It is for a single filter. Hope this helps you.
Yes, I had to get out my manual to be certain I bought the right one. Easy to 'click' the wrong one. Wise advice!
I would NOT recommend installing without the shut and bypass valves. It's not a question of IF you need to replace the filter, but when you need to replace, you got to shut the water off near the filter to do it. Or else you'll have water spewing out everywhere. Even if you shut the main line off outside once you remove the filter, all the water left in the line will come gushing out...don't do it. Put the valves in. Pressure gauges are not necessary, but the shut-off valves are.
No. Just solids and chlorine as far as the package says. I think you need RO for that.
The filter is integrated into the cartridge. It is not separate. There are replacements available on Amazon and usually last 1 year of use.
"I don't think there is a good, simple answer to this question. The life of the carbon block media is dependent mostly on your specific water quality. In other words, the worse your input water is, the less it will last. Still, even this is an oversimplification as different types of contaminate will effect the carbon media differently. This is all to say that this particular filter may only last 4 months if your property is using a non-municipal water source (i.e. well water). Perhaps if your use is so irregular, maybe looking into one of the more simple, standard, 10 or 20"" filter housings would be best. Big box hardware stores will usually have 10"" carbon block or GAC filters in stock and you could simply change the filter at any time. In any case I would recommend changing out the filter prior to first use after its sat for 8 months unused. Carbon block filters, even ones with anti-bacteria additives, can build up dangerous amounts of bacteria given enough time (and I think 8 months is more than enough). Carbon filters that have sat in stale water for that long should be changed out (and filter housings cleaned with bleach if applicable) prior to consuming any water from that system."
"No. radon gas must have a a high efficiency filter- formerly known as ""HEPA"". How ever if you have particulates that give off radon, it captures those. Capture is dependent on the filter pore size- info I do not have at hand right now. Thus if you are fitering water from a well it would reduce the radon due to reduced particles. Not because it can capture gases. Most filters that use charcoal can capture radon gas, but they have a very limited life span. ( of course the more water you filter the shorter the life span.)"
It does appear to remove sulphur, but our levels may not be the same as yours. This is a very easy and simple filter to install and change. I would not recommend as a replacement for a salt-based system, but rather as a secondary filter.
The AP903 works well for a boat supplied by pier water. Clean taste and adequate flow.
Wanted a little extra installed a AP903 and AP801C in series with the latter first in February and couldn't be happier. This is on a well and haven't touched since installation---
The system works very Well. Except if you live in a place like on Long Island with high iron and metallic odor, it will work great but start to get stuffed up after 6 months, and you start losing pressure in your house after about 3 months. Its much cheaper than a salt based system of thousands of dollars. But know that this system will need frequent filter changes. It won't last a year, only maybe 6 months. See My video Review: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mzMgYUqsh0
maybe if your recovery time is less than 15 minutes which I doubt and dont mind a life cycle of 3 1/2 years and a machine that cant handle large loads....there allot better machine out there.
very and mine completely died out of warranty after 3-4 years...got a Sears Hotpoint now like it allot better
The computer in the machine continually shorted. If you buy this machine you will regret it later- guaranteed.
Our experience has been that if there are loose coins or pins, etc. they have found their way out from under the agitator and stayed at the bottom of the tub where we could pick them out. I don't know if any still are under there. I would not concern myself nor call for service if the machine was operating properly.
Yes
Have not known a freezer to have one built in fuse. My Danby with the exception of some minor shipping dings run very cold.
"28"" deep, 27"" long, 15"" wide"
Don't know. Just be aware that it most likely will come very damaged. I was warned by 3 out of 5 reviewers. They were correct. Home Depot has same product. Last time I looked it was cheaper.
It has to be something internal because we have had ours since November and it didn't come with loose batteries to put anywhere.
The information does not appear to be readily available in the manual or the Danby website. I suggest you give the company a call at the following number: 1-800-263-2629.
Check this out: http://www.homebrewtalk.com/f35/chest-freezer-specs-layouts-377518/#post4731047
"It's exactly 1.75"" center to center."
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you it doesn't say anywhere on it were was made
Not sure there is one as an electrical element... Mine has lasted 6 months with heavy use
I don't believe this is a GE manufactured part, but I installed this part nearly 6 months ago and I have not had any problems. Definitely follow Youtube when you install it. Do not let the wires fall down the back of the oven or you will have serious work cut out for you. As long as you hold the wires or have something hold them, it will take 5 minutes to install.
Hello,if your talking about doing that to the threaded fittings that come with this faucet, no the 1/2 copper pipe will not fit inside the fittings. thanks Don.
"It was not difficult to remove the old valve. The new valve is exactly the same size, it fit perfectly. If you have NEVER done any ""do it yourself"" type plumbing work try to get some who has had done ""some"" plumbing work. You do not need a plumber, just some one who does work with his hands."
"I measure 2 3/8"""
No individual settings, as both hot and cold are on a single lever. We use the valve either full on, or full off.
I've used a couple of these in retro-fits. I don't know why they wouldn't be approved unless they don't have an IAPMO stamp.
No. It only mounts to the pipes.
There are o rings. If you remove both screws you can pull the valve body off the connectors
This kit works on yours 383EEL3002D
Yes but please note, its a bitch to replace! be prepared.
I put the propane port in my 2013 LG dryer it worked correctly, I could not get the dryer apart so a called a service person in to replace the part for me.
Yes, that is the part you need.
According to LG's manual Yes it will work. Check for yourself by viewing the PDF found at http://www.lg.com/us/dryers/lg-DLGX3371R-gas-dryer. My dryer is working great!
I would recommend going to the LG website and looking at the manuals for your dryer. Or call LG customer service and ask.
Yes, that is the part that this dryer needs.
Not sure, but try YouTube for an answer. I found a video for mine there. Good Luck.
No
No you need the 383EEL3002D according to the LG website. [ You can look this up by typing in your model number, go technical specifications, go to the options tab, and look for LP conversion kit, and it will show you which orifice they recommend for your dryer.]
"According to Sears own ""searspartsdirect.com"" it IS actually the substitution for 8565582. So yes that should be the correct part. I replaced it once and didn't replace the thermostats and a couple months later I had to replace it again. This time I replaced the thermostats hoping it will last longer. Easy repair though. Between buying on amazon and watching youtube you can fix anything now."
I am a repairman, they are the same but a lot cheaper.
My dryer is a whirlpool cabrio but I just looked up your model online and it looks like it uses the same part. Good luck!
That's correct. I checked three several sites and 279838 is the replacement part no. for your machine. The process to replace this part is pretty much straight forward. Make sure you don't bend or break the coils of the new unit when installing it.
It fit my dryer perfectly, and I'm assuming the different part number is there because the packet includes a thermostat! (Save it if you don't need it right now.) :-)
Yes
Yes
Yes, according to the parts diagram for this machine, this part will fit fine.
Service manual says a 3403585 and 279838 are the element replacement part numbers. You should replace the thermostat, high limit switch and clean the entire air path from intake to the exhaust outside the house. Look at the tstat and high limit you have to make sure they are the same as what you are buying. These parts have a lot of different configurations. Good luck!
They have a list on the websites with every possible Dryer that can use the element. I don't personally know though.
Depends on the load setting, but it is quite a bit slower than the older models that don't sense the amount of clothing in the washer.
It is very loud. When it failed about a year after we bought it the repairman told us many people believe the machine is broken when it is making a normal amount of noise. Many problems with this unit, which I chose because it was the lowest cost model at Lowe's.
Hi Susan. After reading the other responses, I have to say that I do NOT agree with them. I have had this machine since May 2013. I have NEVER had any issues with it. I do 5 to 8 loads of laundry every weekend. Never had a breakdown, never had clothes 'get holes in them', never had clothes 'disappear'. I use the Regular Light, Casual Light, and Delicate cycles mostly. Handles a large loads like towels (8 large) just fine on the 'super' water setting on the Normal Light cycle. Same goes for large loads of jeans (8 pairs) Takes just under an hour for the light cycles to finish, and less with the Delicate. The loads get cleaned well. The lid does lock, but only after the washer has finished filling and the cycle begins. Lid locks are now standard on ALL new washing machines per Federal safety law. I follow the manufacturers instructions and use the washer as it was intended using common sense that dictates to NEVER overload a clothes washer as to not cause undo stress on the machine or your laundry. Another thing to know is that this washer has a standard agitator in the middle of the basket. There is a similar model to this one that is a High Efficiency machine that does not have an agitator and that machine gets a lot of bad reviews as well. I have found that some comments for this machine are really pertaining to that other machine. To be fair, I have owned the washer for under a year, and there have been some comments that this machine starts having problems after a year's time. So I'll just have to see about that and cross that bridge IF I get to it. On a side note, I have the matching 7.0 Gas Dryer and it is a VERY GOOD dryer. Simple to use and dries our laundry effectively. I hope this answer helps you. Thank you
"Yes it does. The sounds it makes is weird...very unlike my previous washer. It's so upsetting that the new, ""improved"" version of washers actually suck!"
I am not sure. I returned it. It stopped washing on the second wash load. it was the washer from hell.
Yes
Face it, it is a piece of junk. Mine died after less than 2 years and my repairman said it wasn't worth fixing. I went to a used appliance store and bought an old model that doesn't lock the lid, you can let clothes soak, and it isn't constantly refusing to spin---and the repairman will be able to fix it at a reasonable price. I love it!
"Yes, but it's way smaller than the older models. Now these so-called ""modern"" models have such small agitators that it does not clean your clothes very well -- not at all like the models of past. Terrible!!!!"
I don't remember. I bought them as a set.
Even though I have serious questions about one or two of what seems to me idiotic design flaws on this machine I would say the engineer is dumb but not stupid. They wouldn't be that stupid. Yes the warm water works fine. Even though the manual is too skimpy on explaining things, it appears to have a temperature sensor that adjusts the amounts of cold and hot that enters. Works great on mine.
These high efficiency washers will not fill. They work by spraying water.
The machine won't do this. It only adds water based on the weight of the clothes already loaded (and doesn't add enough). The way I have gotten around this has been to detach the hot water hose from the machine and turn on the faucet and add it myself.
Sorry Terri I have never had to do that.
"Do you mean ""at beginning"" of a cycle or when it is newly installed? It does make a suffcient amount of noise during every cycle; however, it should not ""walk."" And the noise will continue as time goes on but at least it is working! I am still pleased with this washing machine."
Yes, I believe so.. I cannot remember the settings since I only had the washer for 3 months before it was rendered totally unusable and not repairable by the insurance company.
Horrible washer. Had to get a new one after 2 1/2 years. Don't waste your money. I just bought an LG. Great.
For the money it is a good one.... We haven't had any problems with it and I do laundry almost every day.
I am having the same problem! I have adjusted the screw and still no luck. I am at the point of getting rid of it and buying a new one. Very disappointing, especially considering how expensive they are. Wish I could be more help
Yes
I am not sure. But personally, if I had to do it all again, I wouldn't buy this brand at all.
Negative. You can fit (1) 1/4 or (2) 1/6 slims
You need to call and talk to them. They have instructions for fixing the thermostat and temperature. Chris
Yes. It has been awesome for my boyfriend and I! You can do any two things you would like!
It comes with everything. The tank that comes with it is awfully small and difficult to get filled. You can easily get a larger tank from your local gas dealer, and they usually have an exchange program too. It even comes with replacement gaskets (all of them). It takes a little time to get the pressure adjusted right, but after that, let the good times flow!
Yes.
I believe it is black plastic
"The system is designed to handle American Sankey ""D"" kegs (https://www.kegs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/IMG_0370.jpg), but the tubing can be cut and fit to accomodate any style keg."
No it's not back lit. I am sorry but I don't know where my instructions are. I have tried it with several combinations and it's not apparent what it's function is.
Does not have on/off... always on. Uses CR2032 battery, which should last a long time... like a year? Yes, measures F or C (you can choose). Does not have measurements other than altitude. Unfortunately, learned the screen does not tolerate hand sanitizer! Made some spots on the screen. :(
Please ask again. Not sure what you are asking!
It will record maximum and minimum barometric pressure and temperature. This will suffice to calculate altitude. The altitude measure may also record maximum and minimum but I have never used that function.
both
Orion, I uploaded my copy of the instructions for you. Now when I look at it I see that it is not as clear as my original PDF. See if you can retrieve them here: https://onedrive.live.com/?cid=18E868D7EF83615E&id=18E868D7EF83615E%21106 if it's not good enough, send your e-mail address to klonemedr@gmail.com and I'll attach the original PDF
My Installers threw away all the manuals! I was not too happy. But I believe it draws very little Amps...like around 4ish...so I think you would be more than fine with 15. I looked it up at Lowes and they say 3.3 amps for a 450 CFM, so right around there I would assume. On another note, we are very happy with this. It is much quieter than the one we replaced and we always get compliments on it. It lights up very well and it sucks the steam and grease right up. Hope this helps.
10 3/8 X 10 3/8
indeHomes offers this item with free shipping
You can go to Broan web site to see all the options. I had to cut mine way down as I had a drop celling
Very low. Vast improvement over previous (larger) refrigerator.
Hey Alyson! It opens as a door, and inside is a wire shelf and a deep wire basket that pulls out.
no, but maybe a better question for the manufacturer. Fridge is good for small kitchens. I have had mine for about 9 months and it has worked well.
This refrigerator should take normal wall socket but I would check the installation manual to be sure.
No, but good size freezer for ice trays and a freezer drawer below.
No it doesn't.
Derin, No, this is not a built-in type and does not have the vents in the front. Melanie with Goedekers 888-768-1710
I don't have any magnums in mine but...you could completely remove the bottle shelf for mags since the bottom is flat. (I had another cooler by another manufactuere and that's where I kept my mags.) The upper racks of this unit? While completely removable, you'd more than likely have glass bottle resting upon glass bottle. Probably doable but I'd be extra careful when removing a bottle.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! This will not have an adjustable humidity level. Frigidaire does not give any specifications as to what level it is suppose to maintain. I'm sorry for the lack of information available. If there are any other questions we can help with, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great weekend! -Danielle at Goedeker's
41
Dear TWT, Frigidaire lists the Temperature Range on this unit as -10 to 10F. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710 and our reps will be happy to assist you.
great. work oerfect
No, like most chest-type freezers it is not.
Yep, standard wall socket plug 120AC
6 ft X 3 ft
"Height: 35"" Width: 73.25"" Depth: 29.5"" Thank you!"
Freezer Capacity (Cu. Feet) 24.9 Thank you
The freezer itself is 73.25 inches long (side to side), 36 inches tall (top to floor, including feet and lid handle), 29.5 inches deep (front to back). It will take a little finesse, but it WILL fit through a 30 inch wide door. You will have to remove the door, and may have to prop the lid of the freezer a bit open to clear, but it will go through. Better (easier) if you have a 32 inch wide door. You will need two people to move it, and a hand truck is advisable.
Yes, it is built-in. The lock is recessed and the plastic key was included.
I am not sure but I noticed that my Fisher Paykel dryer was made by GE of Canada. Just look at the installation instructions if you still have it and you will see this. My dryer was a DE06 and these GE parts worked perfectly.
sup man I did a double check and they don't match. But I have a site im going to give you that works with GE parts direct. http://www.partselect.com/ModelSections.aspx?ModelID=329748&ModelNum=EGD3000B0WW&mfgModelNum=&ManufactureID=2&Selected=00109996i02&Position=4&mfg=GE&Type=Appliance&Mark=4 they ya go it should b saved right were the bearing is on your model. remember to get 1 bearing and 2 each of the slides and have a great day.
Yes
My model was a GE Gas Dryer DWSR483GA2WW. According to another sight that I used to find the problem it will. http://www.partselect.com/Models/DHDSR46EE1WW/#Parts - this is where I found a link on how to fix it too. Very easy.
Yes they should work fine. Ww used these parts & they worked great. And the set with everything in is a great value. Everywhere we looked locally wanted @ least $10.00 a pc for those slides
I got exactly what the pic shows. 2 of each slides and the plastic drum pc
I always start off by saying that I am not a professional, but when I looked up your dryer model, the top bearing looks more circular than the one pictured to the left. Check out this site http://www.partselect.com/PS1766010-GE-WE14M124-Top-Bearing.htm and make sure the model and part numbers are correct. Good luck. Cindy
don't know if you got a answer yet but it should. I just checked a site that gives you model numbers for GE and and went to this item on here so try it out if it don't work let me know.
Yes
I am about 80% sure that it will fit. This bearing is quite generic for GE dryer!
Yes I wash my king comforters in it and it does just fine :)
Try Amazon.
Not loud but it makes a lot of funny noises when going between cycles. It does a lot of pauses when nothing is happening which adds to the wash time. It makes be believe that the people who designed this machine really had no idea what they were doing..
I have not noticed that problem.
Do not know
My unit was over 25 years old and it fit perfectly - much better than the universal parts offered by most appliance parts stores
Yes
Joe, The one I got is solid D shaped and not split down the middle like the original Jenn Air. I have the original knobs and the new solid D shaped stem fit tighter than the original, which is a good thing.
The included instructions are very clear.this part will work on the older jennair stove tops.
This switch does not look like the same one I installed.
"When one orders a particular part for an appliance and includes the brand name, model number and part number, one should expect to receive that particular part without substitution. If the middle man, or the store where purchased does not comply with the customers request, it should nullify the transaction. If not, the faith placed by the customer in ""those"" supplying the part becomes damaged as does the assumption of their expertise."
You can push and turn either way, yes low is left of off at the bottom.
This product worked on my stove (model Jenn Air c201). It was surprisingly easy to install as well.
yes But some day you will get tired of fixing the old appliances, check out some of the sales, 1/2 price for new, 1 to 2 years old.
120
"The 18"" is the total front to back. It would be installed under a 12"" cabinet."
Seems to move a fair amount of air and smoke through but I don't think any of these type of hoods do all that much.
"Sorry, can not be more helpful. I resold it to a customer who took it to the cape. The stove he mounted it over is called 20"" series, but is actually 22"" wide."
It is a very thin metal.
very very lite. i'm very happy with them since i painted them
These Deep Burner Covers are 19 inches long, 11 1/4 inches wide and 1 1/2 inches deep.
To be honest, I am uncertain now.
Thank you for your question. Unfortunately there's not a filter that removes fluoride. Please let us know if you have any questions. Best regards.
I used it to replace my Kenmore 9930 and haven't had any problem.
"It seems that the ""A"" is the same design but a newer model. However, reviews of the ""A"" model have said that the new darker plastic is giving a bad plastic taste to the water, thus, you are probably better going with the older model until they remedy the issue. HOWEVER, it seems this seller may be selling the new ""A"" model instead and just picturing the old one, so you would be wise to confirm which you are receiving or at least confirm if they will accept returns (for which you will probably have to pay return shipping)"
I did not flush the filter. I just throw four full glasses before using it for me.
I did not. It works great
On my refrigerator it just pulled out. If you go online to your specific make and model refrigerator they usually have the manufacture's instructions &#55357;&#56842;
Yes
I suggest replacing filter with the manufacturer approved part number
I have never had that happen
At the outer rim of the 8-inch pan, the measurement is about 9.75 inches. It drops into a hole that measures 8.5 inches. At the outer rim of the 6-inch pan the measurement is about 7.75 inches. The pan drops into a hole that is 6.5 inches. ...not sure of any other way to measure them.
My new ones measure 7 1/2 and 9 3/4 as well should fit ,my stove is an older GE.outer edges measured.
I looked up your model number and watched a short video and they should fit as long as you have the normal round burners and they are the two smaller and two larger. If they don't work you can say that they were the wrong part and return them.
I believe so. I think they are a standard size.
I am not sure about a whirlpool, but the 8 inch pan sure does't fit a kenmore
"I looked at the GE website and the JBP23DNWW electric range has both 6"" & 8"" pans, and this is what their manual says: WB31T10010 6 inch Electric Range burner drip bowl & WB31T10011 8 inch Electric Range burner drip bowl. Since those are CHROME, and not black drip pans, one could only assume they would fit. However, if you want to put the actual replacement parts in, you can find them here on Amazon; just run a search for those numbers. Sorry I could not offer a more definitive answer..."
"Yes, this set fits standard 6"" and 8"" bowl which your model seems to fit standard."
"I don't know, and it would be a hassle returning them. Try calling the company. Also google them and all kinds of companies that sell parts might help? I think that they are fairly standard. However i bought some at a local store and they were1/2"" too small but then they were a little flimsy not ceramic"
Yes fit very perfect
Yes they are pretty much non stick and can be easily cleaned.
"Here are the dimensions: width = 27"", depth = 25.5"", height = 15"". We are using them with the Whirlpool Duet WFW86HEBW washer and WED86HEBW dryer. The drawers look great and we have no issues. Hope this helps!"
"Yes. I have a Whirlpool Duet. But, I'm just a customer, so you should double check to see if your particular model and year are compatible. Just look up your model number on the Whirlpool website and click ""accessories"" to find out."
yes
NO. I made the mistake of ordering these pedestals because they were less expensive than Home Depot. However, the installers said these pedestals are a quarter-inch off. I wanted to return them, but the shipping cost would have made my refund very tiny!
There is only one.
No, the weight from one appliance slightly bent the drawer due to an uneven floor. I was able to level it off and it seems to work fine now, but I wouldn't chance the extra weight.
I really don't know. I suggest you call the Whirlpool help line where you can get an accurate answer. If they do fit you will be very happy with these bases.
yes
yes
Sorry, can't help. I actually used these for a Maytag washer and dryer and it worked out fine. From that install i would say that these drawers can handle most washer/dryers. Good Luck.
Don't know if can use in a house. It does not have auto light feature or a pilot. Light with a match only.
"Specifications: Cut-Out Dimensions: 16.25"" L x 11.5"" W x 2.81"" D Overall Dimensions: 18"" L x 13"" W"
yes, I took mine to an RV place and they installed it for me and hooked it up to my propane tank on my horse trailer. Works great.
Hello Ronda, yes to maybe. Depends howbig pressure cooker is / required btu to run it. Compare stove btu's output vs. P. cooker min / recommended requirements. For pressure cooker can find on web
Hello, and thank you for your inquiry! I will be happy to look into this and get back with you. Thank you for your patience. Kind Regards, Andrea - RV Parts inc.
Not quite sure , mine was not a REX...but what I did is I opened up the unit and took photos and matched them to the unit step by step and it worked... Good luck
I dnt remember. But i would get ahold of them and let them kno
Sorry, I can't remember
Hi Steve, You would be better off with a smaller unit. Honestly, we had issues with this particular unit on one of our recent installations. Look at some of the other smaller units as they are better fit to accommodate your 7' ceiling height.
Yes a tad bit . its just the design. U can have the contractor but ceiling wood studs to brac it better instead of the drywall studs . also my fan now glitches so I got to look into that. It is a year old now
It will not hold if screwed into sheetrock only....I am sure that our ceiling beams and a purchased bracket for mounting were used to mount the vent. We had to use it as a recirculating unit, rather than vented to the outside. It was a big job to install and our electrician did most of the job. He special ordered the bracket but I couldnt give you more info. We have had the unit for 2 yrs and I amvery happy with it.
It comes wit a plug on it, so I put a receptacle in the attic next to the hole I cut for the vent to go through. The wire is long enough to go right through there & plug in easily.
from the ceiling.
We doubt it, but honestly don't know if it will work for a 10' ceiling and the extension kit is a question for the manufacturer.
Same thing happened to me. I ordered new glass direct from ADKY
Yes it'll work it's designed to work for up to 8 foot ceiling
I would say at the highest adjustment 29 to 31 inches from ceiling to allow proper clearance for the slotted vents in the upper portion of the assembly.
It has a recirculating charcoal filter so there is no need for outside vents/ducts.
Hi Charlene, My water well had sand problem. The sand clogged the washer's water intake and refrigerator's water line. I worried the sand deposit in water lines would cause more problem in the future. Adding the spin-down sediment filter solved my problem well. I installed it at the end of year 2007. it's been about 7 years. I had it installed on the main water pipe from the water well to the house. Right at the beginning of the main water pipe by the pressure tank. Hope I answered what you wanted to know. Good luck. Pat
100 mesh is standard. At least that's what I got
Ther larger number of Mesh, is the better filter (filters out smaller particles). here is a link http://www.fs.fed.us/r1/fire/nrcg/2011%20Inspection%20Forms/11_Micron%20and%20Mesh.pdf
I guess if it totally stopped up but I don`t see that happening in a few weeks unless you have some water you should not be drinking. I flush ours about one time a month and only to keep it clean and not close to stopping up. Only because of the color of the strainer.
Yes, CLR also works very good.
Without a pump I don't know if there would be enough flow to create centrifugal force resulting in your filter becoming pluged more frequently from debris not spinning to the outside and falling to the bottom
The one I have is a 1 inch female both ends to glue in 1 inch PVC pipe or a fitting of your choice. As for which screen I have a fine screen I guess for the whole house line. I flush it about one time a week.
I could not find the same filter at lowes or homedepot. It fits on 1 inch PVC and does 20 gals a min. I used mine to filter my well water before it goes into a sprinkler system. Good luck hope this helps.
"Mine I believe was1"" in and out let and the drain was 1/2. There are different ones. best call rusco with part number."
"Hi, I'm just another shopper who bought this not the seller. IDK what size the mesh is. It catches all but the very finest of particles. Mine is a 2"" slip fit. Ours clogs quite often but we have a lot of silt in the well water because of the drought. We use ours on our house on a 1"" line and it works xlnt. Put a valve on each side of it, because you'll want to shut off the outlet line to flush it. (If the water is being drawn through the filter the particles stick to the filter and don't flush out well) And the inlet line to occationally remove and hand wash the filter. I would also recomend a cover for the thing to keep sun from getting on it, ours started to grow alge. But it's a very good filter, will be buying another for the guest house soon as I get to it. Enjoy your day."
It should it is a very fine screen.
Don't see why not, not a plumber pro though. Just a heads up screen size is not micron rating go the the website to compair screen/mesh size. Also use proper size inlet outlet for flow rate for proper spin down action. Also find info on website about this
"The base / handle portion is about 2"" high, and the faucet is about 6"" up from there. Where the faucet's bend is is about 4"" from the top of the sink. I'm not able to do the actual measurements, so that's to what all the ""about"" comments are referring."
"It comes with a finish trim piece to make it fit a standard sink sprayer or soap pump hole, which is 1.25"""
Let me first say that I worked for 30 yrs at PPG paint in various departments matching colors. I have this RO tap within 10 in of a Moen oil rubbed bronze faucet. The Moen does have small aluminum flakes in the coating giving it the appearance of gold flakes. The two blend so well I thought the RO tap had gold flakes also. However it doesn't. It appears to have very small particle size mica in the coating. On cars, the mica would give the coating a subtle sparkle versus aluminum which can be small particle size giving the subtle reflectiveness or the in your face large particle aluminum that sparkles not just that little shimmer. Taking into account the sparkle/shimmer effect of mica and aluminum flake it would easily be an industry match since untrained eyes cannot pick up the minute color differences. So I would say it doesn't have a solid chocolate brown appearance and it is not an exact match to my Moen faucet. But unless you get up close with a light to reflect off of the coating, you'd consider it a good match. Aside from that, you cna always return it if the subtle differences bother you.
we have this for separate drinking water that goes though our reverse osmosis system. We are very pleased with it. I imagine one could use it for hot water if you had the desire.
The handle on this faucet is not spring loaded so it does not have to be held to dispense.
"1/2"""
It is the standard water line size, not sure of the actual. Since I already had one in place don't reuse that end replace it or it will leak. However, I don't recommend this after a month or so it started leaking from the top and the company refuses to acknowledge my emails.
this one is a Non air gap
It is metal, but not oil rubbed bronze. More like powder coated dark brown.
its metal, & a very good build quality too. I've had mine for about 2 years now no problems and the finish is great
brass fittings. This thing works really well.
Reg cleaning is all that is needed. Does not need replacement if you buy stainless steel filter
Maximum psi is 150 at 73F
150 PSI
I honestly have no idea. That being said, I was concerned about that too. My solution was to put in (2) filters that were one pipe diameter larger then my inlet piping.
Yes, it could, but I don't think it is recommended to put a filter on the suction side if your pump.
This requires a multifaceted answer. First of all, how large is the sediment your well draws in? These filters are available in several different screen or mesh filter sizes. If it is sandy, you need to compare the size of the sand to the micron size of the filter element. I'd say this is the most important research that you need to do. Next I'd ask how much sand gets drawn in say daily, then over the course of a week. Thus could be determined by how much sand is in your toilet tanks, (when you take the lid off and look inside); then how often do you clean the screens on the washer? Lastly, do you see sand in the faucet arreaters? If the answer is a great deal to any of the above questions, I would advise you to get a filter which is one pipe size larger then then waterline coming from your pressure pump/ inlet to your house. This will allow a longer time between flushing intervals of the filter. I have used them in this application in the past, with great results for our customers. If it is installed correctly, the drain on the bottom would be run to the outside,or a nearby drain. Be sure to install a union on the drain line to allow for occasional disassembly. When the filter shows signs of being clogged- sediment in the bottom, color in the screen; then you flush it out for 1-2 minutes, until clear. I hope this helps you. I am a plumber in northern Arizona, and would recommend this item.
Just send an email to us when you order and we will change it out. SprinklerHUT
"Same as replacement filter listed under ""buy also"""
This is kind of a mixed bag. It makes lots of ice and it makes ice fast. However, there is a design weakness in that if the ice sensor breaks off (easy to do). The unit stops working and as far as I can tell can't be fixed. If you get one, be very careful not to damage the ice sensor. Boudraux
not sure if this is the ultimate in cleaning techniques - however for the past two seasons , we use a weak bleach/water solution - wipe all services that we can reach and fill reservoir then drain using port on the bottom of the machine. ( monthly)
i was not able to get any help from them when my POS died. i hope you have better luck with this bunch than i did
junk
WOULDNT BUY IT DONT LAST LONG FOR THE MONEY
it is plastic
it doesn't keep ice cold. it just makes ice and holds that ice, which then melts and gets made into more ice. it is constantly making ice. until it breaks and you are just SOL, which will happen soon after you buy it.
Another reviewer already answered the for someone else who would use it Overseas. Perhaps you could re-read Roberta's review and the comments, and see if they answer your question well enough.
it's a complete POS and when it fails the company will do nothing for you. RUN AWAY
I had to throw that piece of crap out after 7 months, it just died. I have had no good long term experience with portable ice makers.
It might its universal
"The length is 6 feet, but unless your distance to the drain pipe is under 4'3"", this item is not for you. I had to stretch it to full length and it sprung leaks in two sections soaking my floor. The universal fitting did not work for a 1"" attachment. Outside diameter is 1 1/2 inches."
This is like a standard washer hose. I not sure why it would not work unless the length is a problem . Longer lengths are available though.
Probably because it Attaches to discharge outlets with 1-Inch, 1-1/8-Inch, or 1-3/8-Inch connections. Check the hose size or connection size you currently have on your machine.
I would not recommend that you do. While the long end is meant to insert into the drain opening, the other end(w/hose clamp) is meant to attach to a ridged pipe. If you have to you might get away with it on a temporary basis, if you standby and monitor the entire run time. When they come apart they seldom give you any warning! Hope this helps.
I have no idea what a HOTPOINT washer is but we bought this hose to extend our existing hose on a WHIRLPOOl (make) toploader. It is thicker than the average washing machine hose, almost as thick as a vacuum cleaner pipe. Hope this helps you in your decision.
I bought this for mine and it works ok. The ice maker is a bit weak but it keep my food frozen and the other side cool.
I ordered this board to fix the same problem; unfortunately it was only a part of the complete harness/controller assembly required to resolve the issue (not available from Amazon at the time). Had to bring in a professional for about $475 parts and labor. Sorry!
"Put it on the ""inside"" connector."
It worked for my Frigidaire FRS26H5ASB8. ML form Louisiana.
The unit is a stand alone countertop and mobile catering unit - High quality glass cooktop, hard plastic frame. Culinarycookware and Equipment
"Temperature goes from 150F to 450F Timer: 0-150 mins; after 150 minutes it will enter the standby mode.The power will completely shut off within 1 second if either: (A) The wrong type of cookware is used. OR (B) No cookware is placed on the unit. *USE WITH INDUCTION COMPATIBLE COOKWARE* *Compatible Pans/Pots: Cast iron, enameled iron, stainless steel. Flat bottom pans/pots with diameter of 5"" to 10"" (12-22 cm). *Non-Compatible Pans/Pots:*% Heat resistant glass, ceramic container, copper, aluminum. Round bottom pans/pots with diameter less than 5"" (12 cm). CulinaryCookware and Equipment"
Yes. And you will not get power greater than 6 or 7 while both are used. But it tends not to be a problem because the heating tends to be higher than regular ranges, so you are not losing much.
I don't have that particular model any more, but my guess is that it is. The large majority of these lower end models are made there.
120v
At 120v, my research of other units shows that it likely does not support a combined total of more than 1800w. I'm looking at a 2-burner 220/240v unit on another popular e-site which has a combined total of 3100 watts: 1800 for larger burner, 1300 the other. But you have to be okay with it coming from Germany, and the supplier providing parts if the unit goes bad.
You may need a new control panel. I had to replace it 5 times.....fifth time's the charm I hope. Having problems with KA refrig......I am off this brand.
We have had it for 3 1/2 months. It is cleaning dishes well, and is very quiet. So far, we are very satisfied.
Without reading the manual, I don't know how to turn off the heat dry function.. However, when the ProDry is selected the ProDry light should come on. nb
No, it is heated. This machine WASHES beautifully, much better than my top of the line Miele that I replaced it with. I just could never get it to stay closed through a cycle to clean the dishes. The company took it back and gave me a refund.
The control panel failed four times in two years. It also developed a leak. The fifth panel is working so far and it isn't leaking. If it fails again I'm buying a Bosch.
United States standard: 120 volts AC, 60 Hertz (cycles)
If you do not want to use salt or any other chemicals, this is the only other method you can use that has tested and proven results. The media acts as a catalyst to give something for the calcium and magnesium molecules to start their binding process on. Once they start binding the filter media, the break off as molecules bound together in your water so they do not look for other surfaces to cling to. Thus, you prevent scale build up on your appliances, etc. These work great for preventing damaging scale build up. The standard system works good in lower hardness ranges up to 25 gpg. If you have higher hardness levels, we can customize the system for your application. Just contact us, afw filters 785-735-9769
Not on amazon, they do not let us set up listings with options. The one on our website also comes with a 2 stage whole house filter instead of a 1 stage. If you want to call and ask for me tomorrow, I can get you a discount on this system. Mark Bunner Abundant Flow Water Systems 785-735-9769
The 2 stage pre filter system we send with the unit will remove all your chlorine. Some dealers do not send a carbon filter with the unit, so make sure you purchase from Abundant Flow Water and you will get a two stage whole house filter with sediment and carbon filters that go inline before the scale sentry unit.
Hi, yes these come from Nelsen and use the vortech tanks. Visit our website afwfilters or give us a call if you have any other questions. Mark AFW Filters 785-735-9769
Yes this unit is made up of a handful of different components, if one were to fail, you can replace each one independently. You would not need to replace the whole unit. Thanks for looking, let me know if you have any other questions. Will 623.224.9012 Abc Water Equipment
No, you would want to use an iron filter inline before this unit. Thank you! Mark Bunner Abundant Flow Water Systems AFW Filters 785-735-9769
Yes it is almost perfect for that. I use mine for Goat cheese and it works great. I would think that you could most likely put at least 8-9 dozen eggs in it.
No, you have to lay one row on their side.
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately we do not ship anything outside of the U.S.
"It measures 20.5"" with the hinge at the top for the door--so don't do it!"
"its 20"" H /17W / 18.5 D"
I would not recomend this Edge Star refrigerator. I used this refrigerator for one summer it barley got a soda cold. And only got a few months of use out of it before it stopped cooling.
Just the middle
If you lay them down, they would fit. Hard to guess exactly how many but would think around 25 or so. The bottom shelf isn't as deep so none would fit there.
It isn't necessary as far as i know. But, it really works and it is nice opening the refrigerator to no smells. When I changed mine, I smelled the old filter, to see if it really worked. The filter did smell like an old refrigerator. So, I always change my filters.
Yes
W10325109 is the model number of the replacement water filter for a whirlpool fridge, not the model number of the fridge itself. If you can write back with your fridge model number and if you want the air or water filter I will try to confirm the correct products for you. If you are looking for a water filter, take the old one out and google the model number. The air filter likely won't have any model number on it.
No it is different than W10335147A
No
"On my Whirlpool refrigerator, at the back of the top shelf (in the center) is a panel ""FreshFlow Air Filter"" that you remove to place this filter into."
Look inside the left vegetable draw. There is a white 3 inch plastic on the inside side. Gently lift it up and look on the back side and snap off the filter. See the little clips on the side of it. Press them in. It pops out very easily. . We put the old one in the dish washer. We will see if that works. The important filter is the water filter. Look at the right side at the top. Pull open from the bottom the door. You will see the other filter and pull it out when you order another one. Amazon is the best. Very reasonable prices. Pull other one out and insert new one. Good Luck Toni
I suppose you do but, my tab does not stay in the holder. I usually change it around 3-4 months.
I have a Kenmore Elite as well, it is a 35 sq ft. side by side Refrigerator Freezer. I found on Amazon that the W10311524 has precisely the same demensions as the W103335147A. I therefore purchased three of the W10311524 on ebay postpaid for around $19.00. When they arrived I opened one and found it to be precisely the same right down to the number of pleats in the filter. It fit perfectly and even came with an identical triangular filter status indicator like the W10335147A that SEARS sells postpaid for $12.50 each. It appears that Whirpool now builds refrigerators for Frigidare, Kenmore and Kitchenade as well, and probably has different part numbers on this filter for each brand! I am now looking for a sheet of the filter material containing the activated carbon. If I can find it it should be an easy matter to cut the filter material with a paper cutter and then fan fold it. The white plastic case can be easily taken apart and washed, the new fanfolded filter inserted, and then the rebuilt filter easily installed for a cost of $0.25 a change or less. Off course one would not have a valid indicator gauge, but adding a reminder to change filters every six months on one's smart phone could easily fix that! Finally, I would not run any of these refrigeratoirs with a filter very long. The filter has two purposes the first to keep dust and debrie from accumulating on the internal condensing coils and secondly to eliminate refigerator oders using the activated charcoal. These new refrigerators have a closed system so that one no longer have to brush and vacuum these coils. This especially nice for us as our siamese cat's favorite spot is just to the left of our refrigerator.
Yes it's included
I will provide the actual measurements. The smaller pan measures 7 1/2 inches rim edge to edge and 6 1/4 inches inside lip to lip. The bowl measures 5 1/2 inches edge to edge and is 2 inches deep. The larger pan measures 9 1/2 inches rim edge to edge and 8 1/4 inches inside lip to lip. The bowl measures 7 1/2 inches edge to edge. The bowl is also 2 inches deep. Hope this helps.
These are universal to Whirlpool electric stoves. My stove is an older one, too. Look at the picture and compare it to your stove's drip pan area. If the holes and indent lines up, it's a go for you.
Yes they fit my maytag oven which is 14 years old... Wish I bought them years ago!
Whirlpool manufactures stoves under many labels. You'd need to check with Whirlpool directly and see what pans fit your make and model.
"They have a rim that sits on top ove the stove top it's maybe 1/4"" over"
Somewhat shiny, but not obtrusive.
"I don't know about fitting a Frigidaire stove. I found the Whirlpool product for my Maytag stove by ""googling"" the Maytag product and found the Whirlpool product as an alternative."
They did not fit my kitchen range. Had to send them back.
I really can't answer that not being familiar with the Danby stoves. I believe these are generic drip pans but that doesn't mean they will fit all makes and models of stoves.
I can't see why not. The size for electric stovetop openings has been standardized for much longer than 20 years. I'm 99.9% sure they will fit. But get a set with a return policy just in case.
No - they are the inner dimensions. The outer dimensions are more like 7-1/2 and 9-1/2. Hope this helps.
"The drip pan and ring are all one piece. They are really considered ""burner bowls."" If you look at the picture, you will see that the drip pan(bowl) has that ""lip"" that rests on the stovetop. Hope this answered your question."
i have the silver/chrome one so i don't know. mine is easy to take care.
Yes!
not sure wife's range is about 1 year old they fit it fine hope this helps
I live in Hawaii and I haven't had one rust.
Yes
Yes, these are the correct drip pans for Model # rf365pxy
yes
I returned the product because it did not fit my GE stove.
Mine chipped too, I am going to try appliance touch up paint.
You must know your stove manufacturer and see if what you're looking at is recommended. If your stove is a Whirlpool, log on to their website and ask. I think that's your best bet; otherwise, you'll be buying something that doesn't fit. My stove is a Whirlpool and the drip pans fit perfectly. (by the way, I have a black stove and ordered black drip pans).
I'm sorry to say that I don't have the answer to that. I ordered these twice and each time they were damaged, the porcelain was chipped somewhere on one of the 4 drip pans. Since they are made of porcelain, they can get chipped. I was very happy with the color, fit, and quality otherwise. But I couldn't get 4 pans to arrive in perfect condition from Whirlpool. I would have tried until they got it right, but Amazon stopped sending me a replacement set after two tries, since they assumed it would continue to be a problem and wanted to investigate with the manufacturer of the product. I would like to try again because the price was right and I would assume they'd last for quite awhile, like years, if you are careful about not dropping cooking pans onto your burners.
I bought these drip pans for a GE unit! The description lists at least 6-8 ranges that they fit--but not Frigidaire or GE! I would give it a try! Returns are not difficult through Amazon. Just be sure to read their limitations on returns. Your range will have a new lease on life!
As far as i know this will work on any front load stackable washer/dryer made by samsung. Easy to install!!
No
"The existing plastic dryer feet come off and little rubber feet (1/2"") are added when stacked. Net is about the same"
It does not stop it completely but it does reduce it. I had mine stacked without it and there is much less vibration.
I used the brackets to stack a new samsung washer and an old whirlpool dryer. Much cutting, rebuilding required. Worked fine.
The two long plastic pieces will fit on the bottom left and right side of the dryer to help the dryer rest on the washer. These must be put on before the dryer was stacked. Not sure I'd anyone else felt th is way but those long plastic pieces fit funny on the dryer and did not snap into place very easy. I actually thought for a minute I bought the wrong stacking kit. In addition there is an anchoring kit that screws into the back of each unit. This can be done once the pair is stacked.
Yes, I have a variety of baskets for my dishwasher, also, but this basket will fit in both the top and bottom racks. I love the other accesories that came with this bundle. They all serve a purpose if you make the time to clip them on and figure your best purpose for them. I am glad I bought this product.
I have a Bosch and the blue clips are not particularity useable. The basket however (reason for my purchase) works well at securing small items that would otherwise fall from the racks.
Sorry I have an LG. Works great on that
Hi Yi-Mei, I am not familiar with Maytag, but I would think they would work in any dishwasher. Good Luck! =)
regular.
Big enough to fit a king size comforter
No
I'm sorry I don't have the dryer and I'm not sure if you can stack on it.
Yes, full 1 year warranty.
never tried i always a large commercial machine at the laundry mat for that
We have not tried yet but expect to do so. Our best guess is that it will. Worst case scenerio, we then take it to the laundromat.
No
I believe it's t the Maytag Maxima HE Steam Dryer. We do not have the dryer because we found out after buying the washer that the dryer had poor reviews. Most people complained that it did not dry the clothes very well.
Carriers drop ship to site only. They do not go inside or install.
You sure can.I place them directly in the bucket with rice.This is a great product and good place to get them.
Shelly,I use 6 gallon buckets but no real difference.I use 3 single packs per bucket for my white rice,wheat,pancake mix etc.I also use Gamma seal lids,they have a seal on the bucket side and the center section is threaded on and has a seal.Hope that helps and the seller was excellent.Oh,and have several buckets ready because once opened they start working.Prepping is smart.
maybe , But it has to be airtight
Pink is suppose to be good however mine were the opposite of good. When you ask about this you may get an answer like this----even though the color is pink, if you store them for more then 6 months we can not guarantee they will work. WHAT,,,,I used them right away but I know company's that come up with that sort of answer only needs never to get my business again.
My package is made by Oaktea. There is no label as to where it is made. It does suggest to e-mail sales@oaktea.com.
It's not going to work on refrigerated stuff, so put them in rice, beans, oat meal and so on. You'll be able to tell just by the freshness over time and if there is nothing crawling around in whatever; they're working.
If you vacuum out most of the air in the bag(I just use the vacuum cleaner) One (1) 100 cc would be sufficient. One (1) 300 cc is an insurance factor. A 2000cc absorber is for 5 gal bags.
Yes, but you will also need to buy hinges, hinge brackets, and hinge mounting plates.
We will put bubble wrapping then had card board before shipping.
This cover only fits SL 1200 and SL 1201 Turn Table. Please contact Panasonic for your model.
Yes
Sure Does !
no
We don't think it will fit. Best speak to Technics / Panasonic technical
no these are for SL 1200 OR SL 1210
If you want to find hinges for the Technics dustcover there is a website www.kabusa.com/frameset.htm?/m1200.htm that offers them. I hope this helps.
There is a push button on the back under the kick stand. Click it once and it will change. Click it again and it will change back.
"4"" X 4 1/8"""
DO NOT BUY!!! It broke within 2 days of purchase. Just totally stopped working. It isn't even worth a dollar.
I've got three of them and use them in my incubators for hatching eggs. They are pretty liable, but with experience, there is hardly any gauage that will read the same. They are within a degree or two. Jimbo
I think this product is factory calibrated and there is no option for later recalibration by the user. Only option would be to open it and reverse engineer the PCB inside the clock.
I applied it after my basement flooded to prevent mold growth. There were a multitude of disclaimers to sign with the use of Sporicidin when a restoration company gave us a bid for them to do the work. I researched the product online to make sure I was getting the product item I needed. Here's the chart on Sporicidin.com:http://www.sporicidin.com/media/literature/spo025_product%20uses.pdf I cannot attest to mold removal and stains.
I don't know about hantavirus isn't that transmitted by rodent droppings? Anyway my understanding is that this is not for viruses it's for mold. I would never ever put it in a fogger as the fumes are strong and there are all kinds of warnings on the label about them. You even need to wear gloves when using it to protect your skin from contact. This is serious strong stuff I would not mess around with using it any other way than as they say on the label.
I was under the impression it is all one thing.
i am not an expert but that is what my husband and i use this product for. once a month we spray it into our air exchange and we 'believe' it helps with the mold and bacteria. it also makes the air smell good...we also get the other product...the enyzme mold stain remover...and spray that into the air exchange as well. we feel it helps but WE ARE NOT EXPERTS....
It can last up to a few days, but dies down. It's very potent when using it, definitely need to wear a mask. It can irritate sinus and lungs if you don't wear appropriate protection. If customers have allergies and/or asthma it more than likely will bother them. However, it is a great product and gets the job done.
No it should be applied without dilution. I used a sponge to apply, but I think it should be ok spraying. It is a little more viscous than water.
Try it on a test piece first
Yes, one gallon.
Hi I have used it on leather seats in my home theater when we had a little flood as a preventive with no problems
Go to the item and Look at the picture on the back to see if the shape of the hole matches
No
No, it's for the GE Profile Electric Cooktop.
I do not know---I know that my old knob (which controlled the heating on the bottom warming tray) has a half moon stud. This part I bought from amazon didn't entirely fit correctly; so I had to file it a bit to make it fit. And it is not flush to the stove top nor is it the same shade of brushed nickel. HOWEVER I could not find one anywhere to replace my broken knob (unless I wanted to spend about $75). It doesn't look great but it looks better than it did before! Good luck!
My old knob had the same insigna # stamped inside; it might just fit.
No
Yes they replaced by the stock one's fine bit the inside components are thinner if that makes sense.
According to ge, yes. Follow this link and click for compatibility https://www.partstore.com/Part/General+Electric/General+Electric/JBP84SMSS/General+Electric/General+Electric/WB03T10284/New.aspx Otherwise, you got to check the exact product id somewhere inside the oven where you can see the serial number. Good luck!
I believe it is, the hole on the back of the knob is in the shape of a D and slips over the post on the stove.
It looks like should work.
It does come with porcelain wire nuts to use if the installed factory plug doesn't match. The plug was a perfect fit on my XL44 range so the nuts weren't needed.
Yes
Yes, your model PGS975SEM1SS per GE uses a WB13T10045. My model PGS968SEP2SS (is spec'd) uses the same part as yours. I installed the GE WB13K21 (Note: I purchased 2 originally and then purchased 2 more, igniters are notorious for going bad after a few years and at this price). The part works and fits perfectly, including the Molex connector. I didn't need to do any splicing using the ceramic connectors, which also comes with this part. The parts I received are genuine GE Parts. We use the oven a lot. Good Luck!
I'm not an expert however, after looking up your model number This is a manufacturer substitution. Part may differ in appearance but is a functional equivalent to prior parts including WB13K0021. So this part will work with your oven. As far as the job goes it is pretty simple to install. But would need to know which igniter went out (you have 2 of these igniters in your oven... 1 for broiler and the other for actual oven) Both are simple to replace just different procedures. Hope this helps
That does not seem to be the right model number, please check it and repost your findings.
Yes it is the exact one for it, you can even go to a website like repair clinic .com and enter your model number and one of the first parts in the list that comes up is the G.E. OEM Part #WB13K21 GE Range/Stove/Oven Igniter.
I don't know. I would google it.
No
Do not know. Look up your model #. Some take round and some take rectangular igniter styles
Dear Denise, the best place to go to the REPAIR CLINIC.COM they can cross reference your G.E. oven , with the information you gave me and they will give you the correct igniter for your oven one thing to remember with igniters , is that some light up only half what there suppose to and therefore will not turn on the main gas you can check that with an amp. meter,igniters will usually have a rating on it such as 500w or so. so your amp probe will show about 5 amps. which means perfect any less then that its defective, also make sure first that you have power going to the igniter
I have a different model GE gas oven, but it worked great for me. It comes with 2 wires coming out of it, I had to cut one end off my old one and use the provided wire cap to connect it from the old one. Overall, easy replacement for your average homeowner.
Yes, it will fit that model. http://www.partselect.com/PS243425-GE-WB2X9154-Round-Style-Oven-Igniter.htm?SourceCode=1&SearchTerm=JGBP28TEH3WW&ModelNum=JGBP28TEH3WW
Does it look like this one?. probably will then, but we never got the second screw in due to the awkwardness of the location.
Craig I used the igniter in question on a GE Mod# jgbp79wev3ww unit. If my memory serves me right the igniter was specific to that unit. I had to do some extra searching to make sure what igniter to buy. There are other web sites that can give you more detailed info. Good luck in your search. Jim S.
I don't know, I have a JGPB30 and it worked for mine.
Call GE service and ask them.
What is your question?
Unfortunately, I don't know. I ordered the part on the request of my repairman.
I have a GE Spetra XL-44, it fits this model. I would be 2, they last about a year. Round style.
Yes, it is the correct replacement for that model (per AppliancePartsPro.com)
Approximately 23.5 in x 17.25 in. Fits well.
Don't know about that particular toaster oven, but the rack fits in my full size oven.
It is a slight bend the full length of the rack. It adds only about half an inch. The track where the rack fits has a slight angle to accomodate the bend.
"The rack I bought was 17.5"" x 23.75"". It fit perfectly in my GE lower oven. The upper oven has the convection option and requires a shorter rack."
Stainless steel.
Then it'll probably fit. I put it in a Kenmore. It fit fine KCM
yes
I'm very dissappointed with the racks for it does not work for the one it was ordered for the oven door does NOT close. I think the wall ovens are even less deep than the slide ins.
It should, just measure the width and depth to be sure but it is a pretty standard rack.
yes
I'm Not sure this hose will work for you. I think you need a hose made for a portable dishwasher. Possibly your dishwasher specifically. I'd call Avanti customer service, they should be able to help you.
3 feet
Approximately 86 inches
It's the only assembly that GE has used. It will work if you have a GE portable dishwasher. It just erks me that the little plastic fingers in the coupler assembly wore out and I had to buy the whole assembly.
A piece inside faucet attachment broke that keeps water from coming through attachment, no way to fix it other than replacing the who part.
We used the hose on our Maytag and yes it is short. It fits everywhere except the length and pushing it into and pulling it out of the back of the dishwasher is harder than if it was long enough but it works.
I would think it should work for most portable washers. It has a female right angle garden hose connector on the water in and a clamp on end for the drain out. However I modified the connections and use it to connect my wort chiller to the faucet when making home brew beer. I replaced the right angle female connector with a straight male connector and put a male connector on the drain hose to connect wort chiller It works well and now the drain can't fall out of the sink fluidizing my kitchen.
Think it just had a clamp
6 feet
"I used it on a KichenAid ""built-in"" dishwasher. It went right on. don't know a lot about dishwasher connectors, but it seemed to be universal."
The only difference appears to be the hose end that connects inside the dishwasher and possibly the length, but the officially recommended part for that model is WD35X194.
Yes u can thats what i used it on
it attached right my faucet, i didn't need to purchase anything else
I'm not sure. We had to call GE direct to ask for help.
According to the information about the gasket on amazon.com it: Works with the following GE models: WBVH5300KWW, WCVH6400JWW, WCVH6800JBB, WCVH6800JMR, WCVH6800JMS. You'd probably have to call to see if it works with yours or search amazon, ebay or google for yours. Good luck.
I googled online and there was an extensive list of all the possibilities that this gasket has if fitting multiple GE washers. It may be worth looking at this list for a match. Good luck
Not sure about the HBB but all the WCHV6800 washers seem to use the dame door boot seal. I would watch the You Tube repair video associated with this replacement job and see if everything looks the same to you.
I'm not sure if it fits that model but in my case the drum was loose and kept tearing up my gasket. That was a waste of $100! Check to see if your drum has play in it. If so your washing machine is trashed because the repair cost more than it's worth.
Yes it fit and works great!!!! Better than the original one it's thicker and tougher.
Not sure it will fit your. If the diameter are the same, it should fit fine. I remember read some where online that this part will fit most all GE standard machines. It came just the rubber gasket. You will need to reuse the old clamp and the spring (Youtube helping guide are very useful) Good luck.
There is no way to tell how mine came but it appears to be of OEM quality if it is not. Mine came in a box unwrapped just laying in there. The part fit fine however,the install in a PIA. A couple months later and all is good with part.
We didn't need anything else to install.
I have found a great resource to be: http://www.appliancepartspros.com/search.aspx?model=wbvh6240hww I was able to find what parts would fit the machine. According to the appliance parts site, it looks like it would fit. I am including the site I used for instructions when I did the removal and reinstall on my machine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7J3RqONy4pw I hope this helps
The best thing to do is go to searspartsdirect.com and type in the model number. Make sure to search by model not by part number . You will get a parts list and diagrams of the machine that should tell you if that motor will fit. It's a great website for reference . If you just type the whole model number into google your first search results will direct you to a number of websites with parts for that machine which you can also use for references.
It should come with 2 different size pulleys to match your old pulley. The pulley slips on the shaft and then uses a set screw to secure it.
WE17X10010 WILL FIT DPSB513EBOWW
YES, the GE model We17x10010 comes with 2 screw on pulleys.....confirmed
Most motors are electro magnetic and have a gap between the rotor and stator which allows it to spin freely. If it's not turning 360 degrees with the belt unhooked, then there's defenently an obstruction.
I think it should.
No idea...
When i got this motor it had a missing pins ( universal) i was pretty upset. This motor suppose to replace many previous ones. Its a very hard job though. I cant tell you for sure if it is a right part for you.
Yes, WE17X10010 will replace WE17X32.
I do not think it will. The part number for the motor assembly for your dryer is we17m24. My guess is that the shaft sizes and mounting holes will be wrong.
Yes, it worked perfectly
If your old knob looks just like this one then it should fit..that's what I went on when I ordered it because my numbers behind the knob was dfferent also. I hope it helps you out.
not sure... it didn't last more then 3 months before this one broke too... so not overly pleased with it.
If your old knob looks just like this one..then it should fit. That's why I ordered it bcuz the numbers on the dryer behind the knob was different..but it was exactly the same knob & it fit & work just as it did when I first bought my dryer. I hope that helps u out.
Yes
Hello, I think it will. If you'd like to send me your email addy I can send you a pic of the underside of the knob so that you can check it out before buying. I tried posting a pic on this reply but it won't allow it. Hope this helps :)
Dear Lisa, My dryer is a GE but with a different model Number, so I don't know
yes it does
if you mean GTDX180ED1WW or ... 3WW the part number is WE1M856 so I cannot tell you if it will fit
No. It broke a week later
Mike, the way I found this filter to fit my refrigerator, was checking the products owner manual, a simple cross reference of part numbers lead to this part. GE's website is here with your model # provided is here: http://products.geappliances.com/ApplProducts/Dispatcher?REQUEST=SpecPage&Sku=PFSS6PKXSS. Taking a brief look at the owner's manual, I would not be able to determine if this fits because their was several options for your fridge. One thing is for sure, if your fridge uses a MWF GE filter this cartridge will fit it's place.
This should work on any fridge that uses the MWF filter.
I sure do - had it for over a year now. I capped off the filter area and put on a 5 year cartridge filter at the back of my refridgerator. much cheaper and works wonderfully.
Yes
There are 2 things you nee to inspect: 1- check the water tank inside the refrigerator, remove and clean if necessary. 2- if you remove the original filter you need to install an outer filter in the water line that go inside the ice maker and water thank. If the problem persist replace or inspect the water valve on the back of refrigerator beside the compressor assuming that this refrigerator is an (Artica) by GE. Some ref comes with 2 filters check for that to.
i have a ge wro2x11705 plug dont know if it will fit your model i dont have any way of telling
Call G.E. tech support for your answer. Google for the 1-800 #
Yes
The part probably fits but it is better to double check directly with GE. You dont have to buy the part from them as it is much cheaper thru Amazone
This model must have a filter as there is no plug for this. It is on the bottom of unit and is very long, therefore the plug is not available.
I don't know the model by numbers, I matched this transmission to my washer and it has worked like new ever since, sorry I can't be more specific to your machine
yes
Mine did indeed come with the tub seal. Wish I hadn't already ordered one separately
Randy, the same thing happened to me last year. It ended up being that the little nipple which the filter depresses against when screwed on had somehow chipped off. I ended up having to replace the entire filter assembly (which was quite easy to do).
Genuine GE Replacement Part - Works With The Following Models General Electric BSY25GFMCCC, BSY25GFMDWW, BSY25GFMWW, GCL22KGRESV, GCL22KGRSV, GSH22KGPDBB, GSH22KGPDCC, GSH22KGPDWW, GSH22KGRBBB, GSH22KGRBCC, GSH22KGRBWW - Dimensions 13 x 4 x 13 Inches...
Get your model number and go to appliance parts pros.com type it in and it will give you a diagram with the part number for model, and its long enough to reach the water valve and inlet hose.
Not enough info.Are you talking about the back of the refrig or inside the refrig around the filter.
Remove front cover and then remove screws and unit will slide out after you disconnect the hoses from the valve. Don't forget to shut the water off.
No the correct part @ is GE WR30X256
My fridge is 10 years old, a side-by-side. It is in great shape, but the ice maker was broken did order this identical auger and ice bucket-works like a charm. The fridge is a Hotpoint model #HSS25GFPE WW. Hope this helps!
I don't know I have model #gss25qpgd bb it was an exact replacement for my GE fridge
Hun I am not sure as I don't know the model numbers. But mine is a 3 year old refrigerator with side by side doors and the water/ice dispenser. I really didn't know if it would work. But luckly it did. Its the wider of the two trays
I think they are universal for the GE fridge. I'm not positive, but I googled my model number and this came up. It wasn't easy to figure out if it was correct or not so I took and chance and it was the correct one. I'd take the chance.
I'm not sure wasn't sure about my fridge I just ordered it and it fit works perfectly.
The ice bucket shown is the same as I ordered. It works great!!
IT WAS THE WRONG ONE
Yes
Yes
"I cannot be exactly sure without examining your fridge, but it was the part that corrected our problem. When we turned our fridge on the temperature would come down, but never get as cold as it should. The problem was intermittent and hard to diagnose. We used an appliance website to help us ""trouble shoot"" the issue, tried various parts and eventually this worked. We ordered from Amazon because the price was cheaper. If you order this, just make sure whether you need the little white corded thermistor (as pictured) for your model or not. They make one that comes without it also. Hope this helps!"
The fan comes in a box from Sealed Unit Parts Company, Inc (Supco). I will say that everything was exactly the same as the unit that it replaced so I don't know if this company supplies this part to GE or not. I will also say that for the model of my refrigerator, GE typically identified the replacement part as the fan and connector only without the thermostat or the blue grommet. I did not want to get into the more extensive work related to cutting of the grommet so it could be reused and moving the thermostat connections to the new fan so I continued my research and came across this on Amazon. A little more research and I was able to identify this was the exact replacement I needed. Ordering this part from Amazon was actually cheaper than what the local appliance parts house wanted to charge for the fan by itself so I'm very pleased with the purchase.
The WR60X10185 comes W/O the sensor is for the freezer. The WR60X10074 has the added sensor and goes on the Evaporator right behind the ice maker. My refrigerator moel is PCF25PGSAWW.
Yes
I'm not sure, we researched on an appliance website to troubleshoot our fridge last year. It might be a thermistor. Sorry, I can't say for sure. We learned through trial and error of various parts until finally the fan motor fixed our problem.
Fan motor is the same.The only different is ....74 has temperature control and ...85 does not.
The Correct way.....is with the model number....located inside through Fresh food compartment .....elimates all the guess work......then you will know the correct evaporator motor goes with the Refrigerator.
I am not the seller. I bought it f Kimi r my frig.
Not sure
Yes it will work. WR60X10074 is updated model of the WR60X10043.
Yes this device did solve the frozen water line problem. Sad that this is a GE defect and they make you but a GE part to fix it that was not on the frig when originally sold.
Not too sure. You have to open up panel and check if it has gap or not.
It is supposed to heat constantly
No
I'm not familiar with that model. I would only purchase this for models in which it is recommended. The installation is fairly easy. And it does work to unfreeze the water line. HOWEVER, the water will forever taste bad; like plastic. We've stopped using the water dispenser even though the water flows freely. GE ought to be ashamed of itself for such poor product quality and customer service. I'll never buy another GE appliance product again.
Read the one star reviews even if it fits your fridge it won't fix the problem take my word for just saving you some time and money the only thing that i found to work is using a the weed trimmer string trick
Yes, This will work on your model
I used this video as a reference to install the heater in my refrigerator.See if this resembles to what you have there as there are slight differences from model to model but basically the procedure is the same .Here is the link for the video that helped me do this job that worked out very well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdNX3LteJTw
GE does not list this as a repair item for this model , but this modification can be used on most models With a water dispenser
This modification kit works well
Several possible causes of problems with water to dispenser. Troubleshooting tips: 1. Check to see if the ice maker is still working. If so, the problem is probably not caused by a water filter problem since the water to the ice maker has to go through the filter also. 2. Disconnect water tubing connector at bottom of refrigerator where it enters the freezer door. Then press water dispenser switch. If water comes out of the disconnected line then the problem is probably a frozen water line in the freezer door. Reconnect the line and defrost the freezer. If the problem occurs again there are other measures that can be taken to prevent freezing. 3. Turn off power, remove cover and valve bracket on the back of the unit, and pull the valve assembly out where you can get to it. There are two valves. The first valve is the inlet valve and must open whenever the ice maker or the water dispenser operates. The second valve has two separate outlets - one for the ice maker and one for the freezer. There is a short tubing from the outlet of the first valve to the inlet of the second valve. Disconnect this tubing by pressing in on the connector while pulling out on the tube. Direct the open end of the tube toward a pan. Then keeping clear of all electrical wires, plug the refrigerator back in. Press the water dispenser. If water does not come out of the inlet valve, the valve is probably bad. If it does come out, it is probably the second valve. You can run a similar test on the second valve if the first valve proves to be okay. 4. If you are comfortable with your do-it-yourself skills, you can also use a voltmeter to confirm that the valve is receiving 110 volts when the water dispenser is depressed. I even went so far as to jumper the water dispenser connector to the ice maker side of the valve to confirm that that side would open when I depressed the water dispenser. Be careful if you try these because you are working with 110 volt power. If the valve is not getting 110v power when the dispenser is depressed, it is probably due to either a bad controller board or a bad electrical connection.
Couldn't say for sure, but I think it would.
Not sure but it looks like it should - see the parts listed for the fridge at appliance parts. There were other sites as well listing the same part for that fridge. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/search.aspx?model=gsh25jsta%20ss
yes
When I googled your part # RIV-12AE2, it brought up links to sites showing a part that looked like the one I bought from Amazon that is the solenoid valve for the water dispenser and ice maker that I replaced in my GE side by side a few weeks ago. The valve was located at the bottom left of the back of the refrigerator. I shut off the water supply at the wall, unplugged the refrigerator and then unscrewed and took off the lower rear cover panel and disconnected the main water line running into the solenoid valve. I disconnected the valve and then pulled off the two lines running to the ice maker and water dispenser, and simply reconnected all three lines (the main water line from the wall) and the two lines up to the ice maker and dispenser, and then I re-hooked the valve into the fridge, plugged in the fridge, turned on the water, and then checked the dispenser. No more dripping water. I hope this helps you.
There are a couple of reasons but I found the easiest and most economical solution was to replace the ice maker.
Check that your fridge is level. If it's not, SMALL leaks can occur. Moly leak was like Niagra Falls. We bought the plastic tray assembly and it didn't work. So, we bought this valve and it fixed it.
Which model of GE Monogram refrigerator you are using? The water value is behind the water filter housing on the top of Side by Side door refrigerator. You can check this link: http://www.geappliances.com/videos/monogram-refrigerator-troubleshooting-fix.htm
I do not know
I believe it does. If I recall correctly, the connectors are built in the valve housing. I broke the connector when I removed the water lines, (it was difficult to get the tubes out), but popped into the new valve no problem. There is also a YouTube video that is good - see link below. It shows the disassembly and reassembly. Good luck. www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VpP7n3EeQo
Yes, I ordered the seal along with shaft and now have a spare seal. remember to get the tool to take off large shaft nut. The tool was a major help with repair.
You are going to have one or the other and your model doesn't use the WH38X10017 shaft and Mode Shifter Assembly.
Don't think so,don't no for sure,can't find that model no in english.
Yes it will fit
yes
Yes, according to GE parts department this Bucket and Auger Assembly fits model #pshs6rgxcdss.
It does come pre-assembled and the old one slides out and this one slides right in. Easy. I don't know if it fits that model, though.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Go to GE webite put in your model number look at the parts list to see if it's a replacement
Correct - just remove the old unit and replace with the new unit. Should take less than one minute...
Go to the GE website put in your model number go to the parts list then see if it is a replacement
It was the exact one in the picture. It also can be used in diferent models. My fridge is still running like new.
Instructions are included detailing jumper placement for specific models. Basic electrical skills needed to avoid injury or damage to equipment.
look for WR55X10942 control board as this board replaces many of the control boards as a universal replacement including yours for your model number.
"You are probably reading a ""production code"" on the part itself. The Better way to verify which board you need is to look inside the FRESH FOOD Compartment ( Not the freezer side )..... on the INNER walls ( side walls ) you will find the Model number to the refrigerator. In SOME cases the model number is located on the ""ceiling"" of the fresh food compartment ! Hope this help !"
Honestly.....I Believe your model number.....is incorrect....recheck the model number & I will be more then happy to try to help you.
The number on my original board was WR55X10942.This board WR55X10552 replaces that one as well, it is a universal modified board and the plugs line up and it will work just fine.
You can check the diagrams for parts here http://www.appliancepartspros.com/parts-for-ge-gsl25jfrfbs.html.
Yeah I had same issue if you open the back you'll see board is burned out. Mine just clicked and wouldn't get cold. Swapped out board working just fine
I'm not sure. I'm not a pro. All I did was remove the back panel and wrote the model number of the board and ordered it :). Hope it helps
It fixed my problem and the instructions that come with it are good just read and follow them.
It didn't work on our refrigerator. Actually nothing works on ours. After 6 ordered parts and 7 Sears technician visits and consulting with LG engineers we are told....too bad we can't help you. Pull your refrigerator away from the wall and look where the water line goes in. If it doesn't look like this then it is the wrong part so don't order it.
I believe it is called the water inlet valve. It is installed in the rear of the fridge down by the floor. The pipe from the kitchen sink is connected directly into the valve.
Don't know, I am a normal houseperson, not an installer. I would refer to your owner's manual on your appliance for the part number needed. I just looked at the one already on my refrigerator and matched it up with the picture on Amazon and ordered the part and it worked. Very easy to install and little time needed.
As long as you have the proper harness connected to the proper valve, then polarity of wires does not matter for this valve solenoid.
it worked just fine for me and it's still workong
This is virtually universal for GE even though it may not look like your original.
I suspect it will since this model valve fits many models. It is inexpensive and worth a try.
Yes, the unit does read in degrees Celsius. There is a switch on the back of the master unit and a switch on the inside of the remote units to change from F to C and back to F.
Yes, it does give a reading from the remote sensor and also a reading from the receiver itself.
I can speak to the battery life. I installed the base unit and one remote (outside) on 2012 Dec 2. I'd ordered lithium batteries for it (good for temperature extremes), but they hadn't arrived yet, so I loaded them up with some AA Duracell alkaline batteries I had. 472 days later, the main unit started losing contact with the remote, and I noticed its low battery indicator was on. The remote was still going strong. I replaced the alkaline batteries in both units with the lithium batteries that I'd ordered back in 2012. That works out to 15 months (over two winters and one summer) on just regular alkaline batteries. I'm expecting longer life from the lithiums.
Meade says 100 feet. I've never had mine more than 25 feet apart. Never a problem at that distance. I'm sure as long as there is a window between the two, it would be fine at 100 feet.
Yes, You can choose indoors or out. It also has other channels if you want to set up more transmitters (not included) to monitor temps and humidity in other locations. It also has temp and humidity memory that records highs and lows.
Once you view any channel, that view will continue UNTIL you push the channel button again, causing the display to view each sensor in its order (1, 2, 3 and inside temp). It is very accurate and easy to use.
It seems to be very accurate. The manufacturers specs would tell u exactly how accurate. Very happy with the unit. Got a new wireless phone system and had to move the Meade away from it because it wasn't working properly when to close to the new phones. Took awhile to figure that out.
The Company is located in Irvine, CA. They are most known for making telescopes. They are a global company. I would assume that this weather station is made overseas but not sure. Walmart lists some of there products as imported. Either way, it works. I guess the company is 50/50 Us and China?
yes
Yes. I couldn't see why you couldn't. I have one in a building in the back yard and it works fine.
Yes, that is what I have. Mine installs at the bottom with a round cover that slides over the end on the outside bottom cover.
YES, IT WORKS IN MY BOX
That is standard for all filters of this type.
No
Yes, there are two(2) filters in the box. This means you are getting a filter at approx half the cost of the Kenmore filters. They are identical and work just fine.
THIS IS THE CORRECT CYST FILTER. IT WORKS WELL.
Very good
You need to check the user manual on your end
Yes
Yes
Good day, You can buy it from the Amazon page, then we would confirm with you your model so that you could be sent the correct kit for your hood.
"Hello, Yes it is compatible! I bought the ""SV218Z-36"" - 36 inch and it has the same motor and functions. The kit is very easy to install and does a great job to eliminate odors."
No
It would force carbonate a keg, but you would need to use the paintball tank option and it would probably take a couple weeks. If you used the 16 gram co2 cartridges, it would take several of them to carbonate one keg. I have always used priming sugar and let the kegs carbonate naturally and then used the party pub to dispense and maintain carbonation.
About 16 inches of height is usable. It will fit but maybe snug.
That is correct. You just attached the supplied Heineken adapter to the beer line, then press it into place on top of the mini keg.
You have to buy these as a separate purchase. They don't last long, maybe a keg or so. You should buy several at a time.
Yes, 5 L kegs, not to be confused with 5 gallon kegs. I've found that they are harder to find, but available if you have a good liquor store. Breckenridge Brewery always releases their season beer in this size, and my store usually imports a couple from Germany. But you can use it with the Heineken and New Castle one that are available every where. If you buy empty kegs some craft brewers will fill them for you.
Mine is currently sitting at 40 Fahrenheit/5 Celsius, and it maintains that easily. It can go lower, but I leave it on that.
This is not a thermoelectric cooler. It has a compressor just like a refrigerator. It's not the quietest unit, but the entire inside compartment is cooled including the hoses. This unit is way better than the thermoelectric models. I highly recommend this unit!
It turns slightly but I don't think it will come off.
Hi! If your B79 came with a removable water filter device in the water tank (it should have) these charcoal filters will fit just fine.
Follow directions in your book. Every Keurig is not the same. On my Keurig - the water filter is in the water reservoir. There is a removable plastic piece and you take the old filter out and put a new one in. you have to soak it for 20 min. in water first then run under the spigot for 60 seconds. Hope this was a help.
yes as long as you have the insert to go into the water area, I use them all the time, it helps with not having to clean your machine as much. You can rotate the date so you know when to insert another filter.
The filter should be replaced every 1-2 months, depending upon usage. I set my dial for 2 months ahead as we brew only about 3-4 cups per day.
Yes. It fits fine. I am sure that the charcoal filters will fit in any Keurig coffee maker. Slipped right in to the spot the original one was.
YES they will fit. Below is from the Keurig web site About This Product: This Water Filter Cartridge Refill pack includes six replacement filters for your Keurig Water Filter Starter Kit accessory (sold separately). Simply place a cartridge into the Water Filter Assembly and insert into your water reservoir. For best results, replace your water filter cartridge every 2 months or 60 tank refills. For use exclusively with Keurig Single Cup Reservoir Brewing Systems purchased after August 2007. This is not compatible with the Mini Brewing System, Mini Plus Brewing System, the B145 OfficePRO Brewing System, or the Rivo System.
I don't own that model but if your coffee maker was made after 2007 the description states it will fit.
Yeah, they're knockoffs. So what? They work fine, and they're a lot cheaper than the brand name ones. If they're the same filter, why would you want to spend the money on the brand panel? Been using these for about two years. They're great!
Mine came in very authentic-looking Keurig package. The Keurig website sells a 6-pack of water filters but doesn't show an image of the package (just 6 unboxed filters lined up).
Yes
I don't remember the height.. you should be aware that we had our stove replace three times because of part failures....we finally got our money back from frigidare and bought a Kitchen Aid Dual Fuel Stove....we had three frigidar item that were supposed to be the top of the line along with the stove......37 repair visit in 4 months before the gave us our money back....RUN FORREST RUN!
"IT uses the same frame as A 30"" stove/oven"
Since these are delivered by a network of freight carriers, who aren't trained in installation, and who don't have certified disposal facilities, these services aren't offered at this time.
Thank you for your interest in Goedekers! This item is only available in stainless steel. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great weekend!
The connections on the ends are different. 38447 has I.D. threads. The 46-38447 has quick connect on each end with a spring clip retainer.
Yes, they are inside the ends, not the outside. The adaptors screw into the ends.
We received this filter and it simply snapped onto to the connections from the old filter with no problem.
Comes with the installation kit. Sears item no. 46-38446.
I purchased the filter and fittings all together here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00475A7U2/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Do not know the answer. I would check with a Sears store in your area.
Yes. Genuine KitchenAid parts.
I didn't know about the Cuisinart pods....but I will certainly research them. In my opinion, they will have to be an exact fit in order for the long end of the pod holder to snap tightly and securely. I am really hoping that these work because of the price difference.
It is always difficult to tell based on the filter alone; it is much easier if you buy them based on the model / serial on the bottom of the kitchen aid coffee maker. The related model / serial numbers should be included in the product information for whatever filters you are looking at.
I purchase the KCM22WF and have used these for four or five years now. They have always worked in the Kitchen Aid coffee makers that I have had. Hope this helps!
"I think they may fit your coffee maker. I bought them by mistake because they look the same as the 11's I need but are larger. I looked at the Kitchenaid site and your coffee maker takes the filters with ""22"" in the filter number."
The product description gives the following models: KCM222CU KCM222OB KCM223CU KCM223OB however, the 1402 model looks exactly like these models so I am not sure why they would not work. If the shape is the same I would say (unofficially) that they should.
They will fit. I also bought the cleancaf to descale. Machine still works great with cleaning indicator light it's a breeze. You won't believe what comes out in a cleaning. Good luck.
Kenmore 241798201
I think it will, I'm not positive. what is the model number of the fridge?
Yes, this will work on your model
Yes, This will fit. Your model
Pretty quick!
Your fridge model number will work with the RIM277 Supco Replacement Icemaker.
i believe it will
Dayna..I ordered the listed ice maker for my fridge (Supco RIM277), & it works very well..Makes gobs of ice, keeps the bin full all the time..If this is the device listed for your fridge, it works great!!...Jim in Atlanta
Yes
yes everything is included to install the ice maker might need to get the water line for this
It's not too stiff and should be cut to length with tin snips. Best to not have an more bends in the pipe than necessary due to lint build-up in the bends.
Not sure. You could ask your local building dept.
I didn't have to cut it ... So not sure. I've cut other similar hoses in the past w no problems
This hood has worked pretty well when I used it in the context of Indian food. Indian food is comparable to Thai in terms of spice levels. You need to ensure you have it connected to an external vent though.
"The AKDY has a round vent at the top of the unit, so you'll have to cover the existing hole and make a new opening. I've found that a 6"" hole saw made for recessed lighting works wonders for that application."
No. It requires an exhaust outlet.
most of the time i use it at midium speed and no smell, but i cannot tell you the cfm
having trouble with time. yes. Just military time.
yes
I just plugged it into the regular outlet where the replaced microwave used to be. The unit looks good and works ok.
The response for confusion is the seller switched models using the same item number. You have verified purchasers of the previous model answering questions about the new model
no it's very simple to clean. I like the hood in general,really not bad at all, it's just not as powerful as we hoped...good luck!
Hi, I am not sure because I returned the unit.
29 inches.
Its a clock
Depending on the height of your mount. But most likely it will take 2 sleeves. One overlapping the other a bit. They do have rather tight seems that it's not overly noticable. Hope that helps
I installed one in a customer's home. He was pleased and it was not particularly loud!!!
Sorry we threw the box away.
U use regular smoke pipe
no
Yes but but the vent opening will be a bit big
Hello. Number is 626-453-0550. They are only open M-F 9 - 5:30 Pacific time. It does seem to me that when I received my package, there was a number on the box that may have been different that also reached them. They were very helpful. However, the clock does run extremely fast and is never right, FYI
"yes. You will have about 1/4"" so measure carefully! The vent stack was particularly hard to install. Might consider getting a couple of stainless self tapping screws. It is easy to put together on the ground but the vents would stay together at the joint. (There is a groove that the top one fits into the lower vent stack but it get popping out of mine!) Looks nice, works, fine and I got a great deal on it! Directions are horrible - translated from Chinese to English by a non-English speaker for sure!"
No they do not - I wasnot happy...cant find one that does fit
"They fit, however the ""clean filter"" alert on the LED display does not go away when I use them."
Barbara - According to the box, it fits KCM222 and KCM223. I do not have a KCM223, though, so I cannot guarantee it will fit (I have KCM222).
I don't know. i am just a consumer. You need to look it up online and am sure you could find the right one. I think all you need is the model #. Good luck.
I scoured the internet and am not sure what water filter model it is. I do know that the kcm2wf fits the kcm1203. I would imagine it would work for the kcm1202 since the models are so close. That's the best answer I could come up with.
It didn't work in my coffee pot - don't know why - so I cannot answer your question. Sorry
I have city water so I replace mine every 60 days as recommended. If you have whole house water filtering, then every 90 to 120 days. It does make a difference .
No it does not fit
It should -it is for Samsung- but that is not the model frig I have - It is well worth the money - 1/2 the price of Lowes
i matched the model # on the amazon description with the owners manual. the model # inside the door did not match.
I have found it difficult to remove the filter (even the Samsung filters). My filter is in the back right corner of the refrigerator, with a wine shelf in the way. I use a 'rubber husband' gripper to firmly hold the filter to turn it. Also, make sure you are turning it counter clockwise. As there is pressure in the water line, that also causes some resistance. I have never needed to do so, but you could shut off the water line to the refrigerator, drain some water from the water dispenser and see if that helps. Otherwise call Hulk Hogan to try to turn it.
I Googled the model # of the refrigerator you provided to find the # of the water filter you would need. It appears this filter would work. However, to be sure, you may want to remove the filter presently in your refrigerator and match its' model number with what Filter Ace+ advertises it can replace. If you don't want to remove the filter, you can either refer to the manual that came with the refrigerator or give Samsung a call directly. They can provide you with the model number of the filter you need. Then just match that number to the replacement filter. Hope this helps!
No
I have an RFG297AARS and they work fine.
I really don't know our refrig is a Samsung and its five years old and this is our second one works as good as the big box store that sells for around $35
Filament with charcoal.
I think this should work on most Samsung models as long as yours looks similar to what this picture is it should be the same
I've been using one as a replacement a few months now, no problems.
Well the top smaller oven is not convection at all. You can use the bottom oven with or without convection also
Cooktop does not work without ac power. Igniters and fuel lockoff require it to operate
my electrician had to install a special outlet for the stove so I think yes
both ovens have broil function only bottom oven has convection though
You will ne 30 inch wide counter space, You will also require a dual fuel line. I would check with your contractor prior to purchasing
Yes it has a regulator on the back for propane or ng but I would call kitchen aid to make sure nothing else isnt needed
Both ovens are electric. You have a fifth burner in the center of the stove top for a grilling Pam that comes with this!
Yes it does have a 220 cord.
Yes the bottom oven works well for a turkey, the top oven would be too short.
"Hi Joe--Naw, it doesn't appear that you can. It is possible to light the burners with a match if the electronic igniters were to fail, but the range must still be receiving power. When I trip the circuit breaker at the fuse box and try to light the burners by hand, I can't. There must be some kind of annoying ""safety"" feature that shuts off the gas to the burners if the unit loses electrical power--Chris"
This Device allows control of heat, cool, off or hold settings or switch temperature readings at the device or thermostat or of course set the temperature desired. It also displays the out door temperature as I have it set up. Depending on the system I understand it may have more capabilities but I do not see any fan controls available on the device.
No. This comes with a base station that u wire in where your old thermostat was and a thermostat that can be mounted on a wall in another room which saves you from running all new wires to a new desired location, but u can order a remote thermostat with it that sits on a dresser which is called the Honeywell REM5000R1001 portable comfort control. I purchased this too on amazon for around $90. Works great...
no only one remote per system
In my house each floor/zone has a wireless thermostate (3 total), an RF wireless receiver on zone control and this remote thermostat to control all zones. To control the floor I am on I can either walk to wireless thermostat screwed into the wall and adjust it or use the wireless portable to control any zone. I installed 2 years ago to eliminate walking up and down stairs to adjust zones.
If you search for the wiring instructions for the Honeywell RedLINK system (example: Honeywell document 69-2091EFS), you can see the required wiring hookups. This should allow you to assess compatibility. If you are already using a modern (digital) thermostat, you should be able to install the RedLINK system without too much trouble. However, keep in mind that this system is intended to mount on or near the existing HVAC system, not at the location of the thermostat. So having access to your utility closet will be helpful.
Yes. 'read temp from this device' does exactly what it says, regardless of whether it's on hold or not.
"Yes - I was expecting to have trouble, but followed the instructions that come with the new one - which involves pointing the control at the wireless ""box"" that - in our case is mounted on the wall in our air handler cupboard."
I had a Lennox heatpump added to my gas furnace this spring. Reading through the new thermostat manual I found this item as an accessory and since I'm downstairs and renters are upstairs I thought it would be useful. I ordered through Amazon and the setup was a breeze. After installing the batteries it wants to search for a signal from the furnace/heat pump. On the furnace there was a new control box of electronics, You remove the cover and there is a button you press, which sends out the signal to the remote......you can watch it happen on the screen.......poof it's links up and not a problem since. Simple instructions to follow came with the unit. Now I can observe and control from downstairs what the upstairs thermostat is doing........it's been great.
This unit works in conjunction with a Comfortnet Thermostat. The thermostat only works with furnaces, heat pumps and condensers that are sold with Comfornet Communicating Interfaces integrated into the unit. The entire system must be manufactured with Comfortnet integrated by the manufacturer for it to all work. All the devices can communicate with all the other devices to maximize operation and provide diagnostic information to the user through the thermostats display.
No sir.. It does work as a wireless temp sensor. I purchased because my thermostats are located in a weird place in the house. I wanted to be able to move the temp sensor around without moving the stat. For example, our bedroom stat is in the hallway. With this unit, I am able to read and adjust the bedroom temp. You can set it up to use the stat for the temp sensor or the remote temp sensor. Honestly, I love mine. I actually have 2 now and helped to eliminate moving the stat and fixed the hot/cold spots where we generally are in the house. Easy to set up and works great. My stats are Honeywell VisionPro 8000.
Yes it does. We did not need it because we have natural gas. We are VERY happy with this purchase.
Left Front Burner High: 5,000 BTU Right Front Burner High: 12,500 BTU Left Rear Burner High: 12,500 BTU Right Rear Burner High: 9,200 BTU
Yes, it comes with packet of different sizes to convert to LP.
The dishwasher will heat the water on its own, so you can turn on hot, cold, or both. It also controls the water flow. Having the sink on doesn't make any water run. The dishwasher will turn the water off and on as the cycle runs. So you don't need to worry about turning it off right away. It will have the water stopped when it's done. Just make sure you turn the faucet off and hit the de-pressurize button before you unhook the hose from the sink. I've never used cascade packs, but now you have me wondering if that it what the tiny hanging basket is for.
The drain hose is actually one piece together with the quick connect faucet adapter. It is a one piece that snaps onto your kitchen faucet. You turn on your hot water and when necessary, it will fill the tub. Once it is time to drain the tub, it will empty directly into your sink. (this way, you don't have to worry about a single loose hose that may fall out of the sink and onto your floor.) It also has a bypass button on the connector to let you obtain water from the faucet while connected. Hope this helps!
"outside is 17x20x21.5 (HxDxW) inside is 12.5x17.5x20 (HxDxW) there's a lip on the outside where the hose runs along so it doesn't push away any further than the 20"", sometimes with bigger plates like larger dinner plates and some large cookware its a little harder to fit straight but with a little angling I haven't found anything that hasn't fit"
I have never returned this particular item to Amazon, but I have returned other large, heavy, and bulky items. If the item is defective or arrives damaged, Amazon always has paid the shipping for me.
I have mine on a rolling cart that is much lower then my sink and I have no problems other then the hoses don't totally empty out and will spill water on floor when I unhook if I don't keep the up
I had puddles once. I hand-tightened the hose connections on the back and haven't had an issue since. I've had the dishwasher for 1 1/2 years and LOVE it!
"Using a tape measure and stretching the hose out, it came out to about 55"" or 4 ft 7"". I thought I read somewhere that the hoses were 5ft long, and some of the difference may be the bends in the hoses and the inability to stretch them out completely straight. If you figure putting your dishwasher within 4 to 4 1/2 ft of your sink hookup, you will probably have no difficulty."
I do not have one yet, but on other sites I have read that people have put it under their sinks and had it connected to the plumbing under there and it worked great. They all had plumbers do that for them. I'm planning to get a rolling cart to put mine on, so I can roll it up to the sink when using then put it in the closet when not.
SPT is Suppentown. The company or Amazon should alert customers to that. Some SPT products sold through Amazon are listed as Suppentown SPT. Unit dimension (W x D x H) 21.65 x 19.69 x 17.24 in (copied from website) Package dimension 21.85 x 21.21 x 20.39 in I'm late to the game but hope this serves as an FYI for others.
"One section of my sink is about 13""x15"". With a drain plug, the normal cycle fills it about half way. It is MUCH less water than washing the same dishes by hand. Also they come cleaner."
Yes. I tried to have that done and it would not have been good in my case as I was moving sone. But the handyman said it could be semi built in. It is an awesome dishwasher and I would purchase again.
I'm not sure if I completely understand your issue, but I do know that I had an unconventional faucet and this youtube video solved all my problems! All it required was a pair of pliers. In fact, I didn't actually have to buy the part she buys in the video, so pull yours out and see if you need to buy one before you go out and spend the money. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYG12CoNQW8 If this isn't what's going on with yours let me know and I'll see what I can do to help.
They fold up, actually, and snap into place. I almost never use mine, and use that space for frying pans and smaller pots.
I have left the faucet on in the past but try not to. I know how damage a burst hose could cause. My suggestion is to not leave the supply hose pressurised (faucet on) whenever possible.
"17-1/8 H x 21-1/2 W x 19-5/8 deep, plus 2"" (so 21-5/8"") when the hose is connected to the back"
You'll get an instruction manual. It comes with an attachment for your faucet so it can couple with the water's input/output. I preheat the water after connecting to faucet, turn on hot water and use red button (release valve) until it's coming out hot. Then choose your cycle and push start. There is a 10 second delay before it starts. You leave the water on until it beeps several times, telling you it's finished. You turn off dishwasher, turn off water, push the red release button on coupler (releases any water pressure) then you uncouple and then I pull the hose upward from the back to drain water still in hose. Certain cycles heat the water so you'll want to pull open the door and let the steam out and the dishes (hot) will finish drying. The manual is not written well, but it's not rocket science, so you'll figure it out. But you leave hot on until it finishes the cycle (also, the red light that flashes while running, goes solid red when cycle is over). It has a lot of options, so you'll want to read it carefully. But it's a good dishwasher. Which reminds me... I'd better load mine up... again :)
No.
Its actually quite long. Most of my hose is coiled in the sink as my dishwasher is right next to the sink. The outlets for the hose is on the RIGHT side of the unit, so if you will be needing to put the dishwasher on the right side of the sink, the hoses will run behind the unit and you'll lose a good bit of length.
Yes and no... You can use any powder or liquid/gel dishwasher detergent you would like however if you choose to use the popular tablets, packs,pods, the owners manual says that you should use the longest cycle on the dishwasher so that the detergent us fully dissolved and properly rinsed away. I have never used the packs in my machine but understand the longer cycle, since the regular cycle uses only a little more than three gallons of water for the entire cycle. Hope this is helpful...
I don't recall the exact amount but it is very low water use. Far less than if I washed by hand. As I recall the normal cycle only uses about 3 gallons for the entire cycle.
you will need to provide to cord if it isnt hard wired, the water hoses and a exhaust hose. The units comes with no installation accessories other than a drain hose.
220VOLT regards Plessers
IT comes with neither, or at least at Appliance Smart it didn't. The store had both cords in stock and they put a 3 wire on for me.
Voltage required for this unit is 220. Chile's voltage is also 220. It should work fine. Don't forget to pull the packing tape when you get it set (it's on back, secures the motor assembly); it will shake like a demon until you do!!
?
No
Yes we do it all the time
I cannot remember how much writing was on the box but it was a big brown box.
"27"" wide, 32"" deep, plus extra depth may be needed behind for vent hose, depending on exactly where the dryer vent hose connects on your wall."
amazon does sell separate warranties but we do not on amazon, unit does come with 1 year parts and labor.
My stove came with the conversion kit.
15000
Yes
Yes
No it does not
"I'm not sure but I think 20"" by 30"". It fit easily where my old one came out. I can't measure now cause it's a rental."
I have propane also you just need to get the converter adapter from gas to propane
Yes but you have to change orfic that comes with it.
No, this washer does not have a spin dry function. Also, as a clothing washer I would highly recommend the Panda or Basecamp washers over this model. None of them have spin dry, so you will need a separate spinner. The small blue spinner works well. It operates at 1,600 RPM. This is quite a bit faster than a typical washing machines spin cycle. Those are normally about 600 RPM. The larger stainless steel drum spinner operates at 3,200 RPM and leaves your clothes dry enough to wear in a pinch. They will hang dry in only about an hour out of the faster machine. Buy whichever one suits your needs. Be aware that capacity wise the 3,200 RPM model more closely matches that of the Panda / Basecamp washer. Hope this helps!
"This machine, by design is a clothes washer, popular in Asia and many other (non USA) countries around the world. In this particular instance this one is re-branded and being sold with a 220 micron pouch for use as an extraction machine to make ""bubble hash"" out of marijuana. You can of course use it safely to wash your baby clothes. However, I would recommend the Panda or Basecamp washing machines over this model. This one has been marked up in price for no real reason, and the mesh bag will be of no use to you. It is not tough enough for clothing use. The Panda and basecamp machines are less expensive, and better models when it comes to reliability and motor power for clothes. This model is only about $30 USD in China! (Talk about killer profit here!) Anyway, I hope this helps you! Oh and on another note, none of these machines have a spin dry function. You will want to pick up the small blue spinner (1,600 ROM)for lighter things like the baby clothes, or the bigger 3,200 RPM for when you need things almost completely dry out of the spinner, or larger things spun. The larger spinner is much more expensive, and even the smaller one drys things much more than a typical washing machine spin cycle."
no forced extraction but a drain hose and gravity.
It comes with a cheesy faucet connector, easier to fill with a bucket or pitcher. Does not spin water out but does have a small drain hose on outside of machine. This machine is not for washing clothes, it is for making bubble hash extract. I suppose you could wash socks and underwear in it.
It is made almost all out of plastic. It is flimsy and jamns and stops. Through it away after a month. Drill with paddles and bubble bags is way to go. Best machine I use for maximum keif/hash is from a dude that made 160 and 220 micron drums. They are placed in lined box. Put tumbler/drum in a small freezer for 24 hours full of cruddy bud/shake. Turn on small motor keeps a constant tumbling action in frozen element. More keif than you can believe!!!! NO STICKS!!!!!! Perforate drum. We have gathered over 10 pounds of keif from a f__ed up crop. Good luck.
There is one that costs less but u do not get sifting bags at lower price and reviews stated more leakage with these.
29.5 X 20.5
45 pounds
"Product Description This 30"" electric cooktop is built-in oven compatible and easy-to-clean with its dishwasher-safe knobs and eco-friendly Schott Ceran surface. An indicator light will also let you know when this cooktop's surface is too hot to touch?even after the heating element has been turned off. 30"" Electric Cooktop Eco Friendly Schott Ceran Glass Surface Right Front: 9"" (2500W) Left Rear: 7"" (1800W) Left Front: 6"" (1200W) Right Front: 6"" (1200W) Dishwasher-Safe Knobs Hot Surface Indicator Light Built-In Oven Compatible"
No, there is no down draft vent on the unit.
NO. just don't drag pots across it. Clean and shine it after use and it remain beautiful. Mine has. It really is a beautiful appliance if you will care for it.
It replaces the old electric top but cannot be placed on top of an existing oven, if that's what you're asking.
I didn't weigh it but it but that sounds about right. Lifting it into place does take some effort and care.
If you need a new glass top please contact the manufacturer at 800-253-1301 and a representative will be happy to assist you with information regarding replacement.
Easily, as long as you do not drop it.
"The RCC3024 is obsolete so you would need to contact Whirlpool for information on that unit. If that is your existing cook top I would recommend lifting it out of the cut out and measuring your opening, front to back and side to side. Here are the specs for the W5CE3024XB: Overall Width: 30 13/16"" Overall Depth: 21 3/4"" Overall Height: 3 3/4"" Cutout Width: 29 1/2"" Cutout Depth: 20 1/2"""
You do need to provide an electric cord with a plug end on it to wire into the control box (or hardwire it direct), but it is a pretty simple wiring job that most do-it-yourselfers could handle. Length of cord required depends on the way you route.
I have the same one and have had it for quite a while. I did not buy the warranty and it has worked perfectly.
It will be fine above a built in oven as long as you have roughly 4 inches clearance below the top of the counter as this device sets in to the counter. It is a good stove top for the money.
black with stainless steel edging
No its not a down draft, the wife and myself are totally pleased with this unit
"28 "" X 20"" give or take a quarter inch. I had to cut the granite out a little larger on the long side as it was different from the old unit, tight but a solid fit."
It vents through the back wall, chimney is decorative (hides duct). Works great, incredible suction. We turned it on when I had granite installed and cleared the whole house of granite dust.
I installed it some time ago, but i think it's 4inch
Hello. Yes. It has three settings for lights. 1st, the lowest is to me is sufficient and the two and three settings (modiym and highest) should be enough. I think. Now one detail That has been bothering me is the vent/fan is close to the wall and does not cover well the two front burners. But it is still an awesome appliance. And I would highly suggest you do everything possible to expel the air to the outside of the house. If you leave the air inside the hood I'm afraid to tell you, the exhaust is 85% inefficient.
It will adjust to fit your 9' ceiling. You will not need anything else to make it look right. We are extremely pleased with the look and performance.
Not really unless your very fussy. Yes, it gets a little grease on the underside, but it's not that noticible, even up close as it's sitting about eye level. All you really see is the edge of the glass, not the top or bottom. . A couple of sprays of windex does the trick.
Over island.
No
"No - i am a custom builder and have installed 2 of these - need 6"" swivels, ducting, tape, strap, roof vent"
the product looks great but it is a bit loud
13 diameter, 6.25 height. I was worried about whether it would be big enough when I opened it, but we've had it for 4 months and I love it.
Definitely. Getting the stuff that gathers between the small spikes after a while is hard to impossible by hand. We just put it in the dishwasher once every few weeks. This does the trick :)
There are 5 legs in total and they are about half an inch in. It is a great drainer - very stable.
Aloha, It comes with two utensil cups that can be moved around anywhere within the dish rack or removed entirely if you like. I have found two to be sufficient for my needs. It is NOT as the picture describes with only one cup. Whether you can order one or two more holders I don't know.
Yes - for hand washing it is ideal.
The color is as pictured...White with utensil cups that are green and the drain spout is also green.
it does!
It is plastic, very nice looking, looks good on counter.
Try this link: http://research.rolfes.org/home/adjusting-the-simmer-flame-on-a-gas-stove/
We installed this unit in our kitchen remodel in our 5th wheel. Love it a great little stove. You could use a match to start it...but we enjoy the electric start feature. It requires very little space.
I'm sorry, I cannot see anywhere on the stove that it is CSA approved.
Hi Kim, no CSA but ETL, & no c in ETL mark. Thanks.
ok
Hi Janice, my husband says WC=water column inch. Hope this helps, Wanda. He is not sure what bar is.....
Yes, we did that. It works well.
Challenging because it is all 'British' units. My husband modified all of it 'substantially' to get a good connection. He really can't advise if there is a standard fitting that can work. Works fine, but there was a lot of yelling. And he is a retired plumber....
115 degrees is it's highest temperature.
While you need a therm/hydro meter in reptile tanks this particular item is worthless it isn't accurate what so ever. The hydro was reading 20% higher then what the tank actually was. AcuRite makes a digital therm/hydro meter that is less expensive then this.
Depending on the size of the tank I I would say yes if its larger then a 50 gallon. If 50 50 gallon or smaller just put it in the middle.
There's a thin piece of Velcro with adhesive on the back of it. Then the actual gauge latches on to the Velcro
No.
Actual humidity inside your tank I have one on both sides of my ball python cage
I would recomend it. The one I have works well. Temp is accurate within a deg or two as far as I can tell and the humidity is pretty much spot on.
You could do that. There are holes in the back of the unit. Vent holes for the air to pass through to the sensors, a lot of them. Space for wire to be sewn through and then tied off to a wire cage. Good luck!
Place slightly above the basking rock, where it may be easily read. Also good to have one on the cool side near the height your reptile seems to mostly seek out. Good luck.
No, it just works on a constant temperature and does not have any kind of measurement tool. You can only use independent thermometer to control temperature, but this tool keeps a constant temp once it is on for some time.
I am not sure, you could go to the Maytag website and get the part # you need for your dryer. I do know that the belt seemed to be larger than the original belt that I had on mine, and so I just ended up using my old belt.
We hired a guy who has a repair business on White Lane in Bakersfield, CA He put the belt on but after three drying sessions the motor burned out. The belt may not have been installed properly. Also our Maytag was 20yrs old. We have since replaced it with a basic Sears dryer.
Sorry, I don't know it will or will not fit that model. I ordered to replace drive belt for exactly my Dryer Maytag Model#LDE9316ACM
sorry... not sure if it would fit that model or not.
Several sellers on Amazon list the 312959 as a replacement for the Maytag part number Y312959, AKA AP4290988. It appears to be the belt you want for your DE482.
No it does not but this keeps my drinks nice and cold and been up and running for a whole now. I love it. Cool front window with LED lights, very modern looking.
It has a manual on and off button. Stays on or off.
Depending on how you configure the shelves...we have over 20 bottles of water standing upright on the bottom of the fridge and on their sides on the top shelves.
Website listed dimensions as follows: 19 x 17 x 20.2 inches - Hope that helps!
I bought this as a gift but from what I recall, yes it's a 3 prong cord and isnt long whatsoever. Def buy an extension cord if the fridge placement is several ft from the outlet. My friend put it right under his desk for convenience. Hope that helps! :)
I am a owner of this fridge, and so far very happy. I do not have any 16 oz energy drink cans at home to test the capacity. It appears to me that it can very easily hold 16 oz size cans on both shelves. I am guessing that each shelf will hold around 20 or more cans. It is a good fridge. I think you will be happy with this fridge.
They shelves are wire shelves like an oven rack. There are two of them. You can lay them on side or upright but it's like any wire rack would be.
I do not believe it has a freezer inside.
if you have the external measurement then its 2x2x2x2less
Sorry, don't know the answer, it was a gift for someone.
"the one I got is 6.25"" tall, 6.0"" wide and 9.0"" deep (front to back) - it fits perfectly in the spot that the old one fit - the only differences are my original one had the one section as wide as the holder and 4 more squares - the new one has the same single wide section and 6 more squares..I was able to remove the side section cover from my old one and fit it on the new one...."
There isn't a handle. Go to Maytag website for model match.
I just measured for you. At the bottom it is 5 in wide and 8 3/4 in long, it gradually gets bigger. At the top it is 6 in wide and 9 3/4 in long, it is 6 in deep as well. So I think it will fit for you.
91/2 inches long, 6 inches wide and 6 inches deep. Fits my Maytag Performa perfectly!
yes, it fits very good.
I am sorry, but I don't know specifically. However, it's seems pretty universal. It just slipped right in where the old one had been. Hope it works for you.
I don't remember seeing any info on it, but I'd venture to say that the probability of it being made in Chins, is about 99.99%
the basket works like it came with my dishwasher. great buy, thanks amazon
the item is just like the original and I am very pleased with getting it through Amazone, my favorite shopping site.
Mine is actually a Quiet series 300 but it fit great.
Yes it can (usually will be)
The lights have been moved to the front - the older model had the lights in the back. Thanks!
It's not hard at all to clean. I clean mine every time after I cook. I use a glass cleaner and paper towels. The same as you would clean your mirror. It's spotless. I clean the stainless weekly with with a stainless steel spray on cleaner, the same one that I use on my fridge, dishwasher, and microwave. It's not at all hard
Its not the most powerful fan out there. I ran the one I have straight up and out the roof with an additional kit I purchased at home depot. It draws okay from the two back burners on my gas range. Its less effective with the front ones because they are farther away but its well made and looks very contemporary and clean.
We added a second pair of stainless screws on each side of the flue joint and they helped. Low and medium speed are fine and high is noisy but bearable. Medium is probably enough for most needs. The problem is that the fan seems to not be balanced. Looks great and tenants are happy with it.
Check this image out. Hope it helps. http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-pIa8Of1rWOY/TpB9TWf8AJI/AAAAAAAAAeg/xU8sUbkbZ5k/s1600/IMG_2215_small.jpg
It's hard wired and yes I love it! Has great suction, was a great value and looks fantastic!
I would say yes. As long as the cut was flush to ceiling it will be fine .The top is two parts to slide up or down for your desired height. Cutting it maybe challenging as it is a little thick, good because shows better quality. I love it and Everyone who sees it is blown away by it. I'm very happy with this product.
No, you do not need to purchase the power strip. We are not sure why Amazon recommends that item for purchase with the hood.
Under the metal screen.
designed to go into wall behind the unit ,as well as ceiling
The carbon filters come with this unit. It says in the instructions that you can use it with or without the carbon filters. And my unit also has an air duct outside. I use the carbon filters to help eliminate the cooking odors.
"All I can say is the on the instruction booklet it says ""CE"" I have this unit and have installed it and I am very pleased with it. Comparable units that I look at were $700. plus $. I would purchase it again. I was reluctant to order this on the ""net"" but was very pleasantly surprised with the quality for the money I paid."
Stainless steel...silver
I cannot recall if it could be ceiling or wall mount. The stainless cover goes to the ceiling and we have 10 foot ceiling in kitchen but we have it vented out the wall.
We found it best to install the outlet behind the chimney that sits on the glass hood. By doing so the outlet and the cord are hidden from view.
It does have discharge vents at the upper sides. I installed mine with an exterior vent. Seller is located in Gardena ca. .picked mine up there and saved even more.good quality at half the cost of others.
Yes the chimney is a 2 part design that can extend to at least 10 feet
Hi, We do not sell spare aluminum filters on Amazon.com. Thank you, Kitchen Bath Collection
You need to fine a place whoever make restaurant equipment and they'll make the other foot u need same thing I did cuz my house it's a 10ft cealing
works on mine. look at the part. if it has a round shape and looks as the pictured one it will work.
According to www.searspartsdirect.com - you can substitute ignitor WB2X9154 for part #WB13K0003 on your GE gas range #JGBP28BEA3AD . They are equivalent manufacturer parts. Local stores sell this item anywhere between $50-$70. Amazon has a much more reasonable price for this common part.
I have a GE Spectra regular range,not a wall oven. There are seperate igniters for the oven and broiler. It was not too dificult to install ,after I found a YouTube clip on how to do it. I would have no idea how to install the igniter in a wall oven. Check the internet and YouTube for your model.
It came with the nuts (2)
Yes
Yes
Yes,This will work on your model
If the original part number is WB2X9154 it will fit and take less than 15 minutes to put in. I looked up your model number but could not find your exact part number for an oven ignitor for a gas range. I think that this is your replacement part but check on the internet to be sure.
Not sure I used partselect.com to find my part number
I'm don't know about the part number in your question, but the part I purchased worked for both the oven and the broiler in my GE oven.
I would call it a bright white light. That being said, the more drinks you have on the top two shelves, the less light you have filter to the bottom shelves. We leave the light on all the time, it makes a nice nightlight in the kitchen. Hope this helps.
The depth is 17, the width is 18.5.
BR-125SD door can be reversed.
I have mine in my garage.... It supports well the heat on sumner. If it's for an open area, but protected from the rain and direct sun, it should be ok.
No
We have it under the counter, but if you have room I do not see why you could not put it on the counter. We have vented it from the back, it seems to work much better when it has good circulation behind the unit.
There is no ice compartment so it should never need defrosting. Possibly, if you leave the door open for long periods some frost could form on the back wall in which case it would be manual to defrost it.
yes
Not a switch, a bar that can be raised up to stop the icemaker from making more ice. When the ice container is full, the ice holds up the bar which also stops the icemaker from making further ice until some is used. There is a detent above the full ice level you raise the bar up to in order to stop it.
no pump is required. water pressure from your water source forces water into the icemaker where it freezes and is ultimately expelled as cubes when they are frozen. no water pump is used in the process at any time. the short answer is, no you will not need any kind of water pump.
You need to contact the seller for that question. You may have a problem with your water valve not shutting off, bad valve or control board.
The short answer is probably yes. It has fittings for most installations. You might note that this unit makes seven cubes at a time. My original GE unit made eight at a time, as might yours. My original GE unit ran for something like sixteen years. This one has been running almost a year. I don't notice the difference in cube production. In my opinion, this unit's construction is very inferior to the original GE. I doubt that it will last for sixteen years, but who knows? The cost was much lower than any other exact (8 cube) replacement unit, GE or otherwise.
I don't know what kind of warranty it has but I have mine for a year now and it works great.
This kit does not replace the water output.. u might have to defrost your freezer once to get it working properly
Yes, it will. My OEM GE icemaker WR300X0327 stopped working and the ERWR30X10093 was a perfect replacement. It is making buckets of ice.
It allows you to adjust the size of the ice cubes... take a lesson from me though if you make the cubes to big they will not separate easy
The new unit has a new 'stripper' on it. Don't make unnecessary work for yourself.....
Did you figure out what to do? I have the same problem. No matching fill cup. GGGRRRR
"I am sorry I can't answer your question. I bought it to replace my GE Self-cleaning electric ranges - 8"", part # ps243922 (wb30t10074). It works very well."
I put in GE range and works fine
Both options available
Yes, you would need to somehow attach a cord to the bare wires in order to plug it into a standard wall outlet. You would also need the non duct kit. I bought it and had a duct made for it. I really like the hood.
"I think it was listed as 18""-21"" for electric ranges. I have mine at 24"". The higher you go makes it less effective, the lower it is the more in the way it seems."
"I reduced to 6"" round and it works perfectly"
no, but you can purchase matching backsplash with shelves (see Broan site)...
I do not have non ducted install. I do not know what your situation is regarding the application but if you cant duct it, the result wil be limited; not just for this brand but all brands.
Yes. You need the adapter to connect to the round ducting.
Measurement in inch: H: 9 W: 30 D: 20 3/4
No it looks great better than a microwave especially at that height.
0.7 at normal speed and 1.7 at Max speed.
The chimney flue comes in two sections. You can mount the fan using only the upper brackets and one of the outer chimney covers to have a short height hood. If necessary, you can cut the chimney cover and brackets to make them even shorter. How low is your ceiling? You need to allow enough room above your stove to use your pots and not hit your head on the hood.
A 10' ceiling is too high in accordance with the manufacturer's recommendation. Thank you.
"I'm not sure as far as function but myself being 6'3"" I wish I would've installed it back a bit.. I've banged my head off it a few times . Hope this helps"
We installed ours on a 9' kitchen ceiling, but we have a working vent, so an opening was made in the ceiling for the venting. You should be able to install it without an opening on a 9' ceiling.
This unit comes with the charcoal filters necessary for ventless operation. No separate purchase is necessary. Thank you!
Try to contact the manufacturer. Go on their website and obtain the customer support phone number.
its not dimmable but the light is not overly bright so l dont think its necessary. A very pleasant light bright but not overpowering.
Sorry, we do not currently ship to PR.
No
"Yes there should be room for a transition from rectangular to round pipe. The distance from the top of the exhaust duct connection, to your rectangular duct will restrict you some. The exhaust fan and damper extends up into the stainless steel trim approx. 12 inches . The trim section is approx. 12"" wide and 11"" deep."
yes and works very well
I replaced my maytag pump with a samsung one. Half the money. Its probably the same one. If it bolts right in and plugs right in go for it.
It works on mine. Make sure to run diagnostic first.
I am not sure if it will work w/ your unit, bit the unit I ordered came cracked and not usable. No returns, No customer service, no response. Purchase at your own risk.
This pump fits samsung wf206bnw/xaa.
You need to check the current pump you have, and if it looks the same, it should work. I put mine in a Maytag, since many brands use the same parts.
Hi, yes we purchased this part for our repair. Works fine....
Yr question doesn't make sense, but I'll try to answer anyway. The pump as pictured is the entire pump impeller, housing, mounting, etc. You do have to buy the whole thing, as far as I know individual parts are not avail
If it looks the same it will work Maytag 8700 series parts are the same as the photo Hope this helps
I'm not sure. I used it in an Amana. It does fit several.
No it is not. The product is made in Canada.
I don't think this will be helpful to you now, but I recently replaced my Maytag filter with the Swift filter and it leaked instantly. I took it down and replaced it with another Maytag filter and its doing great now. I'll only buy the Maytag filters from now on. Best of luck to you.
Kirin reports 1137 liters/3000 gallons but 1137 liters is only 300 gallons, not 3000. Someone else reported 300 gallons, so it appears this filter has a much shorter life than the UKF8001.
I would check if the part number for the whilrpool is listed as a replacement or compatible. That's what I used when I checked for my Refrigerator
Coconut hull, very 'green' made in Canada. We will buy this again next time!
I've had very slow water flow, but switching back to original Maytag filters did not help either. I've not gotten around to having a repairman out because of the high expense. I think the filter is as good as Maytag, but these water dispensers are problematic.
keep taking it out of the 'socket' and refitting it until it is in properly. At first I thought I installed it the right way but neither my water dispenser in the door or the ice maker worked. It was only after I gave it a very strong turn to the right and heard a new click I hadn't heard before that I knew I installed it correctly and water began to flow. I'm not the handiest person but I can hold my own. This was a very tricky install in my opinion and requires some patience and strength.
From my home work-yes, BUT I have since thrown both of them in the trash. I wrote a review that stated why but in the end the weight was off, to lite, the water passed through as fast as when the filter was bypassed and I felt the water was not properly filtered. In the end I spent a little more and bought a couple of Maytag brand which also fit our Kitchen Aid. And now the water flows at the same rate as when the refer was new.
Not this one. Use the Maytag original equipment, not the copy.
I do not have my box. My husband installed the filter after soaking for 15 minutes as instructed. I have not had a problem with the product and will purchase another one when the time comes.
I'm not sure but here's some links that might help. http://www.homebrewtalk.com/f11/can-i-use-co2-regulator-nitrogen-co2-stout-mix-106895/ http://www.homebrewtalk.com/f11/can-you-get-nitrogen-tank-regulator-filled-co2-106954/
No, the fittings that come with the kit are for Sankey kegs. You will have to visit your LHBS or the Kegco website for corny-fittings.
You can have one keg tapped or two. You can't have two kegs set up at different pressures though. That would require a second regulator.
Yes the hoses were included in my order. Worked great. Good quality
The original knob for the lower oven was broken upon arrival. (cracked through the middle), the replacement knob is keyed correctly but will not fit all the way in on the shaft so it stands further away from the stove. I have no other substitute.
Yes. note: if you broil food, the new knobs will also crinkle, just like the ones that came on the new stove.
These knobs, though not specifically for the GE Profile series, these are burner knobs (female).
No
Actually it does not work well and is not stainless steel.
Pull knob out, turn upside down, put back on. It's worked great, no problems
Yes
How would I know?, I got spec from the manual. This work for me. My model. I have no idea what model is your unit. Most like they all are generic.
After 4 different service calls and 2 new boards, I ended up trashing the fridge. Nothing worked that repairmen said would work. GE was absolutely no help at all. Not what I expected from a top of the line name brand appliance less than 6 yrs old. Good luck.
according to the ge site, the correct board number is Manufacturer Number WR55X10956.
yes but my fridge needed other part but this part of this fridge work recommend
Not sure if it works on that model # worked great on my model #PSC25MSWASS...was easy to install on my own
I am sorry but that Model Number does not work on anything I can look up.
Don't know.
May work, expensive if it does not, you need WR55X10942
The four that I got worked just fine. The were not exactly like the ones that I replaced, but the price was worth the chance.
That's what happened to mine, and why I purchased this one. I'm not sure what it's made of, but it is heavier than the ones that came with the oven. Doesn't seem to be as cheaply made.
Yes, just 1 per pack.
No not at all
I don't know. The knobs are garbage. I am going to ask the supplier for my money back. The finish is comming off after less than 3 months of use.
It's the exact same knob, this one is just a bit shinier than mine. But I don't think it's very noticeable at all. Especially since I've had mine a good while, and I just noticed it. :)
Yes,
Bought it because seller said it would fit my stove. Looked like the part but never fit.
Yes, but having to pay almost half the cost in shipping for a weightless, small box was hard to take, but I needed the knobs. Thanks, Cheri
I don't think so. According the the parts manual for your model, Range burner control knob for Ge Gas Range model #JGSP28SEN1SS PART NUMBER: WB03T10295
8' is including the curved hanger section. The corrugated section is about 7'.
It's PVC so it's ridged but with a heat gun I'm sure u could shape it like electrical PVC
the main discharge hose is 1 inch diameter, however if you asking if it fits you washing machine discharge, then the end that attaches has different diameters so, from 1 inch to 1 1/4 inches just cut off what you don't need this discharge hose will fit almost every type I have ever seen. It was a very good buy for me and it works great. Hope this helps
Sorry I do not know. You might try and asking the seller.
Yes.
It will work.
We purchased a screw clamp at Lowes that fit over the hose. It does not come with one. It has been on for more then 6 months and done fine! The salesman at Lowes at tell you what size you need.
I added the Supco hose to the original washing machine hose using a plastic sleeve and 2 hose clamps
No. I used this on a full size washer. I would probably work. The hose would definitely be long enough.
It attaches directly to the washer using a clamp. You might have to trim it because it has 3 different sizes. It will fit a Whirlpool since that's I have.
Thank you for your interest in Goedekers! This model does need to be vented to the outside. Your apartment would need a way for that air to escape. Otherwise, this may not be the model for you. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedekers
23 3/4 in x 74 1/2 in x 27 1/4 in.
Cindy, this has a 4-Way Venting system (Rear; Right; Left and Bottom)
It does not have a standard wall plug at all. Just a 240
Not at all.
I love my new GE washer/dryer had old GE for 20 years and no problem. Good buy.
No and it will fit but you will need another 6 to 7 inches to fit the dryer hosing that does come off the side of the unit. So to properly install the unit you need it to be 30 inches wide
It needs a 240v dryer outlet.
there are multiple load indications from small to extra large. i really like this somewhat smaller unit as i hate to fold clothes so i wash smaller loads more frequently with resulting less folding. so there.
It isn't recessed, so you'll need to account for extra space for the vent hose.
Nothing available, all I can do is to tell others not to buy, finally got it back after more than 3 months, replaced motor, clutch, sensors & electronics, went to the repair depot looking like a new machine but didn't work, got it back filthy & scratched up and no way would I put that hunk of junk in my home.
Return this machine if you can. We had ours for 4 months before it went out of control during a spin cycle. Spoke with Samsung directly and they offered a replacement but we were to terrified it would happen again. It dented our dryer and left marks all along our wall. The machine move itself out of position by 2 feet and turned itself 90 degrees. The outside case of the machine looked like it had been run over by a truck and the metal brackets that hold the drum in place were broken as well. Thank goodness no one was in the laundry room when it happened. Be careful and try to return it.
My Samsung is 2 years old and have not had this problem.
Is the washer still under warranty? I certainly would call Samsung out there. I have not noticed anything like that happening and our washer is going all the time. You coukd also call around to some local servicemen to ask if they have dealt with this problem before....perhaps there is a rough edge on one of those metal edges in the drum parts. Someone if you keep digging is going to be able to help you!
"Absolutely not! Every day I say ""I hate this thing!""! It groans and moans loudly, the ice dropping into the tray is very loud, and it has never dispensed cubes through the door. It always crushes the ice so it takes forever to get a glass full and it's loud for a long time while it grinds. My husband wears hearing aids and the crushing noise drives him up the wall with his aids in and he says he's going to get rid of it while I'm not home because he hates it too. Since it crushes ice no matter what you ask for, it makes a mess all over the floor then the little pieces of ice that don't come out when you stop melt and drip all down the front. The stainless is IMPOSSIBLE to keep clean, it always has fingerprints, smears, dust, and water trails all over it and it's just my husband and I, no kids. And did I say it's LOUD?!"
this drawer has stuck on us once or twice too. our issue we found was that the door didn't go back in straight - the fix for us was to push in the side that was sticking out more. we gentle push/knocked the side that was sticking out more, and it eventually straightened, and then went in. hope this helps!
2014
I don't understand your question
This is a brand new factory sealed appliance. It includes a full manufacturers warranty.
"Push and hold the button that says ""filter."""
I found that when re inserting the filter back in, you must align it up and then turn it and then re align it up for it to fit properly, you should find this in your manual, or look it up on the internet for a copy of your manual.. it is a bit tricky and also check to make sure you reset your ice back to ON. and not on vacation setting, all of this is in manual. good luck, hope that helps.
"It may not be ""seated"" correctly. If not positioned correctly it will not work. If you have not taken it out and re-inserted it into the fridge, try that. if you shut the water off, make sure it is on. You may have a bad filter, try another. Unfortunately the service charge is hefty if you are past your warranty, but you can call your vendor and see if they can shed some light on this, or call BOSCH's 800 944 2904 for advice. If under warranty you can have them come out for a service call @ no charge. Sorry I could not give you a better answer than this."
I checked your part number online. Yes, this is the one I bought. Be patient installing. Not a lot of room to grab on and twist the old one off.
"is that a question? what ""thermals""? Here in MN, ""thermals"" means long johns, so I'm at a loss what you're referring to. This is a water filter made for a specific model Bosch refrigerator... where it works as intended."
It did for our unit which has just the inside drawer ice maker. Ordered 3 pack filter offer. After replacing filter, icemaker did not fill up tray with water. It was determined that the filter was defective cause after installing 2nd filter ice maker worked fine.
Mine is 9000194411
Yes
It fit fine for our Bosch B22CS50.
I would love to help you with this, however, I am not finding that model number anywhere to say if it would work or not. Maybe check that model number again and just to make sure it is correct. Sorry I couldn't be more help
NO, because it did not work on mine
Check the part at appliance.com. If part is correct Amazon is usually cheaper because of shipping
that is the one that i used on mine. it fit just fine.
A repair man came to work on my dryer and I asked him about getting a new screen because my dryer was so old I wasn't sure if I could find a screen for it. He told me he could sell me one for $30, but he also made the mistake of telling me that almost all lint filters for Whirlpool dryers were the same standard size- and had been for years (my dryer is around 30 years old!). I took my chances and ordered this one at half the price from Amazon and it works perfectly!
sure does and thank you
I'm afraid I don't recall the exact model number because I purchased it for my mom. But hers is a pretty old machine, & it did fit. Her model wasn't actually listed in their catalog anymore, I just kind of eyeballed it & hoped for the best.
It works very good.
I really don't know the part #'s. I needed a screen and didn't even have the book to give me a part #. What I did was measure the old one and take a chance. Luckily, it works perfectly. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Will this screen work with Whirlpool Dryer LE58))XS w3
I think it had the whirlpool name on the bag but not the Whirlpool logo so I doubt if it is a genuine OEM part. I think the OEM parts are labeled FSP. The quality of the part appears to be good & it works fine but the bracket wasn't exactly like my old one. On 1/31/15, almost exactly one year after I installed it, this part shorted out & tripped the circuit breaker. I just found out that the switch controlling the burner is defective & caused the burner to overheat so that probably contributed to failure of this part.
Working fine no problems.
I purchased these parts and could only use the wire and the ceramic wire connectors. These components and the newer style burner could not be made to fit on my older 1979 stove with the fatter elements.
To have the orders combine shipping you would need to order from the same seller for both items. This is the only way to do so.
I'm sorry to say that I can't remember for sure but I don't think so but the quality seems to be good. The bracket wasn't exactly the same as my old one but it worked. The old bracket held the connector flat but the new one allows it to swivel a little. I tried to use the old bracket but that wouldn't work.
I don't know your specific model but works for mine, which is a 14 yrs old Whirlpool range
Yes. This works perfectly in my Kenmore HE4t. This part will come with mounting screws but they aren't needed to install in the HE4t. The part installs in literally seconds.
That is the one. I cross-referenced it on http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-front-load-washer-285976-ap3769371.html.
You need to make sure the screw hole is in the same spot? Go on sears.com to the appliance parts and it will give you the exact replacement number options.
Not sure. It was the wrong part.
yes
Most definitely. I crossed it on appliancepartpros.com for reference.
I am sorry I don't know. It did work on my whirlpool duet steam model wfw9699tw01
No they will not. For your model you need, Part number W10283356
your plastic cam may be shorter but the 'dogs' should be the same...u can get those separately or with a short cam only here on amazon...reference Repairclinic.com...take it apart and see--real easy, plenty of how-to vids online
No this does not appear to work on your washer. It appears that you need the long cam kit on that model of washer the part number is 285748.
whirlpool part 285811 replaces part ps334650, so there should be no problem
yes, don't replace one part replace all parts
Go to reapairclinic type in ur model # and get the whirlpool part #
http://www.appliancepartspros.com/parts-for-whirlpool-llr8245bw0.html I hope this helps. This site allows you to put in the model number and find the parts your looking for.
I don't know; however, putting that model number in on a site like RepairClinic should show the part number. They usually have different part numbers, but if the picture is the same it will probably fit (it did in my case).
I don't know, mine is a sears kenmore.
No, according to appliancepartspros.com you need Part No. AP3138838
The dog ears will and the rubber ring will but not sure about the rest of it as it did`nt fit mine so i just used my parts in it.
Yes mine did. Important that you check the brochure that comes with the fridge and get the exact model number of the pan you are trying to replace
I do not know, It replaced my original meat pan that became cracked. It was an exact fit. If your old one looks like the picture, it should fit.
Yes I switched mine with the originals because I wanted the color of the words to match. The new drawers were a different shade of blue. Tricky but not hard
The top drawer is the crisper, assuming you have the same fridge as I do. In our case, the meat/bottom drawer has a more angular bottom, and the crisper/top drawer is more rectangular.
Hi I bought this draw for a Whirpool and works fine. I don't know if it's suitable for your kitchen aid, look for the specifications Regards
19.6 x 19.4 x 11.6. They are listed under Features and Details if you click on the arrow for more information.
I have no way of knowing that!! Here's the answer: Do a web search for Maytag dryer coil kit. Now read some of the results and put in your model number where you can to narrow the search and you'll start to see the same part number for the coils (or any other parts) start to appear repeatedly on different sites. Once you're sure you have the right part number, now search sites like Amazon or Nextag for the best price. I found this coil set anywhere from $6.46 to $45 so shop around.
Yes. Both coils came in the parts bag.
When I researched this on the Sears parts website they show this valve coil is a substitute for the original and will fit your unit.
I checked repairclinic.com and it shows this number
"The part is a pair of solenoid coils that actuate the gas valve, so ""valve coil"" isn't what I would call it. ""Solenoid coil"" is a more correct term to me."
Yes these will work just fine
These should work fine. Its an easy installation. I recommend watching a YouTube video for the how to.
I'm not sure, mine is a Maytag and it worked. I took a shot and it's been working great the last 6 months!
"I have looked at some web sites and noticed that the Whirlpool 279834 Valve Coil differs from the Roper 03080C. I know that this is the Amazon shopping site but if you look at the Sears site and search for ""clothes dryer solenoid coil kit"" you will see all the different kinds available. Once you see what you need then you can shop for it using Amazon. So the answer to your question would be no, the Roper part number 03080C is different than the one for the Whirlpool dryer."
No clue. Best way to find out is to Google your model number (WGD6600VU0), then find a website that will give you a parts breakdown, and search from there.
"Looks like the Surface Burner Element Switch - 8"" Part Number: PS336989 according to http://www.partselect.com/ModelSections.aspx?ModelID=1624863&ModelNum=RF263LXTQ3&mfgModelNum=&ManufactureID=3&Selected=WLV4FIXN&Position=1&mfg=Whirlpool&Type=Range&Mark=2 According to http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-surface-unit-switch-3149400-ap3095444.html Cross Reference Information Part Number 3149400 (AP3095444) replaces PS336989. So I would assume that is the part... for the 8"" burner... different part for 6"" burner. Check my work, but I think it is correct."
I don't have a Whirlpool. Mine is amana and it worked just fine.
If it's the same part number, most likely yes. It's worth taking a look at the switch in your stove first, to verify that it looks pretty much the same. The back panel cover is usually easy to remove. You may need to remove the extra shaft length as indicated in the instructions that come with the switch.
Part 314900 is for a large burner. 8-inch burner is the large burner so yes it can be used.
The 3149400 is a suitable substition for the 311857. The main difference between the two is amp rating and the amp rating on the 3149400 is adequate.
sorry dont stock
i dont know if it will work on kitchen aid. my part was for a whirlpool. check your part # and order the one for your stove. compare them and see if it looks like yours.
It is a standard size. That is all I know. Unless your stove has a unique sized element it should fit.
I am sure it would. Here is a link to another site that is advertising the part your looking at (or a least has the same number as one your looking at) as a replacement part for the Roper stoves. I think Ropers are the same thing as Whirlpool just different name. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/roper-range-cooktop-oven-parts.html Good luck.
All I know is that they fit ours, a base model with no markings aside from the Whirlpool logo that we picked up at Home Depot. I believe they're all the same for the most part, however.
"In order to give you a correct answer I would need to know the brand. Also do you need the 6"" or the 8"" element?"
Sorry, I can't answer your question. You'll have to find out the model of your stove to determine that. You may want to ask the seller.
they are sold as individual burners.
I have a Whirlpool and used the MN in Whirlpool manual to look up the Whirlpool part number. Once I had that I went to Amazon web site and found the same part number. The cost via Amazon was approx $60 for two six inch and two 8 inch surface burners. Whirlpool wanted $45 per 6 inch each and $60 per 8 inch each. Huge savings and the burners work perfectly. Good Luck.
This element might not fit perfectly to all models made by Whirlpool. My best suggestion is that, if your stove has an oven, open the door & look at the bottom panel, usually that is where you will find the model number & other info. If you find it and can message back, I could try to give you a better an accurate answer. Hope you can find the model.
I don't think so. My stove model # is RF365PXMQ-1.
I did Google search & it did not match any document or site with the info provided. Please be more specific with Make, Model & Appliance type to be able to help further. I went to the Magic Chef site, but still no info shows up with number provided. Will be glad to reply, if given more specifics on your product.
I measured mine, 15x16.5. I have a side-by-side fridge. The product numbers where on the list. I wasn't sure if it would fit but it did.
Yes it should. I bought my refridge from Sears and Whirlpool makes the Kenmore Coldspot for Sears.
It might. I Googled the part with my model number before I bought a replacement from Amazon, because it was a lot more affordable than a drawer from Sears.
I list the measurements in my review. Get a tape measure and check yours.
Yes.i used this to replace the middle draw. Or the upper crisper. You can't tell the difference
I believe your fridge is actually an Amana Appliance ASD2522VRB00. I would not order this crisper pan from amazon because when I got one, it wasn't even the deep crisper pan, it was the shallow tray above the crisper pan. Amana is owned by Whirlpool, but I would be careful about interchanging part numbers. Follow the link below for you refridgerator and get the proper part number from it. I had to order my from the parts house to get the right one and they usually have free shipping anyways. Paste this address in your browser: http://www.partselect.com/AdvancedModelSearch.aspx?ModelNum=ASD2522VRB00&mfgModelNum=&fkMfgID=1&SourceCode=11 I hope this helps. Tim Pulliam
i dont know the part number but i have a kenmore coldspot and it fit mine..
No
Yes
yes
Not sure but my model whirlpool was not included as a match. It ended up as a perfect match.
The product description for the Whirlpool Bin does not include any Kenmore models, but since Kenmore and Whirlpool may be similar refrigerators, you might check the dimensions of the bin in your refrigerator and see if it is the same as the whirlpool model. As for color, white is probable standard. I think I would look up your refrigerator model and see what parts are listed for that particular refrigerator. If the height, width and depth match your refrigerator bin you could order the part and give it a try. If it does not fit, you can send it back.
Hi. I bought the bin for a Kenmore refrigerator, which is probably made by Whirlpool. The opening of the bin is about 6 by 13 inches, so two one-gallon containers of milk will probably fit in it, but I don't think you would want to put that much weight in it. I bought this as a replacement for one of mine that the hook on one end broke off of, probably because of too much weight in it.
Yes, I think it will work.
No not on that model
It did work with my kenmore. Just match the part number with the one given in sears replacement part website
Yes. It matches the original bins exactly.
Your fridge is a little smaller capacity than mine. I was not sure from the dimensions listed for the bin that it would work, but it did work perfectly. You can always return the bin if it does not fit.
It probably will work. You can always return it if it does not fit.
Use the Sears parts website for your model refrigerator and it should tell you the exact part you need. I know that Kenmore appliances could be made by Whirlpool but I don't know for sure if it is compatible.
I think it is the right one but if you check the Sears parts web site and enter your model number you should be able to find it. Sears uses real part numbers. You can then see if Amazon has it or order it from Sears.
Yes, exactly as pictured.
It must have. You should be able to remove the filter with very little, if any, water coming out, even with the water supply line on. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-water-filter-housing-2186443-ap3085317.html takes you to a video showing how to change the filter housing. I couldn't get to the water lines from the front so had to disconnect/reconnect from the valves on the back. Good luck!
2186840 is not a proper part number. Tell me the model number and I can tell you the correct one.
I don't know.
Uh, by pulling the drawer out and pushing the button for 37&#730;, 33&#730; or 29&#730;. Is this for real?
I suggest you call a repair man, have never had either problem.
The filter serves as a connector between the incoming water and the icemaker/water dispenser. The system will not work if you remove the filter. You would have to fabricate some sort of direct-connect line.
Here is the link for the owners manual that will give you step by step instructions. http://downloadcenter.samsung.com/content/UM/201305/20130509141444960/DA68-02520A_1.2.pdf
I got my fridge in May and have not has that problem
You may want to get the one that's designed for your tv because the connections may be different.
I believe this part is not compatible with your model tv. Thanks
Yes, used the same one to fix a TV.
I don't know if it will work for that model. I do not have that model. The color wheel works great I would not not hesitate to order from this seller.
It may Mitsubishi units use about 3 different color wheels even with the same model number. It will depend on the model of light engine that's in your unit.
Yes it is.......however my experience with Buy Your Parts has been ....... less than satisfactory.
No, I don't think it will
No, it is wheel only. But came quickly and installed pretty easily, I put a bulb in at the same time, and now my tv is like better than brand new.
You need to go to the Speed Queen's website and enter your zip code for dealer locator. There shoud be one in your state.
A little less than 53 inches:)
Easy
Don't know about grease but my Speed Queen AWN542 works very well on yard dirt. It has a powerful agitator. Plus all Speed Queen top loaders have a soak cycle that should help with the grease but I have not had to use it yet. One minor nit with the soak cycle is that after it is done you then have to run the load through a entire regular cycle but an easy workaround suggested by other owners is to use the regular cycle but lift the lid on the washer after the initial fill to let the load soak. After it soaks for a while just close the iid to run the load through the rest of the cycle. You can't do this with a modern HE machine. The only other recommendations I have is to use lots of water (easy with a Speed Queen) and don't overload the machine (especially with jeans.)
The size is sufficent to wash large loads we have a family of 4-6 depending on how is in town. Don't be fooled by the large sizes other washers. I had a front load that said 4.0 and it could not affectively wash that size load. I have owned a lot of washers this truly and old fashion machine that really works. You tube all the other brands and you will see all the horror stories and complaints. Size don't matter you need a machine that works. The tub could 10 cu ft but if you cannot get clean clothes its worthless.
The AWN542 has a fabric selector switch that separates control of the agitation and spin selection speeds from the timer. This option gives the user more control over the wash cycle when compared to other models. All other models incorporate the agitation and spin operations into the cycle selection timer. A KNITS or DELICATE fabric selection with a REGULAR or PERMANENT PRESS cycle selection delivers a constant slow agitation coupled with selectable fast or slow extraction spin. None of the other models operate with the constant slow agitation feature in a complete cycle. The AWN542 continues to incorporate traditional Delicate and Hand Wash cycles that utilize intermittent slow agitation, extended soaks, and slow speed spins to perform a gentle wash. Another unique option is the ability in the SOAK cycle to use a fast or slow agitation and spin extraction.
We have not experienced ripped jeans or any clothing in ours. We did however have a full sized comforter torn while trying to wash it in this machine. It was no fault of the machine, the comforter clearly stated front load machines only. It was far too large to be washed in this washer. After half a year or so with this machine we still love it.
Yes, Mark this washer does have an agitator. I have put the washer through it's paces since delivery and have washed bath rugs in it, the heavy cotton bath rugs that weigh a ton when wet. This machine has done so with finesse and with out bouncing around. I will try to upload pics of the agitator for you.
Our average wash cycle (i.e., normal regular or normal perm press) with our average load (large setting) seems to go about 30-35 minutes. Add in an extra rinse cycle and it is about 45 minutes. No issue for us since this is still faster than our Whirlpool WED4850 dryer (which we also like a lot).
I would say the sound level is mostly 'average' -- no beeps or buzzes, but lots of swishing and humming. However, the loudest part is actually quite loud, and lasts maybe 30 seconds. The first time I heard it, I thought something was wrong with the washer, but after talking to a technician, was assured it was normal. I think it happens at the end of the rinse cycle, when the tub is spinning very fast, and water is pouring in for the rinse, and the clothes are getting compressed against the side. Due to this, at some point the clothes are no longer covering the bottom of the washer, and the water pouring in is hitting the empty bottom of the metal tub directly. This sound of water hitting the tub is startling, and probably child-waking loud if it's near their room.
This basket has been recommended for a 7 cu ft. freezer. The 5RGR1 would be more for a 5 cu ft. size. (PTP Supply is currently out of stock of the 5RGR1).
"The 18In measurement would the the space from the front of your freezer to the back. So these would be facing the ""thin"" way forward, going long into the back of the freezer. That is the 18IN measurement of this item."
18.66X7.09X7.87 (H x W x D) measurement also includes the handles.
18 1/2 length 9 width I wanted to know this is the measurement I needesd
It does not, it doesn't melt immediately but if you left it for quite sometime it melts. It would be nice to have a unit that dropped it into a freezer then continued to make more. We do really like it though...great for camping!!
We use it in our RV just plugged into a standard plug.
It does have a drain if you need to drain the water. It holds a little less than a gallon of water.
I have no idea...works well for ice for cooler, but takes awhile
no there is know drain to the unit
You can uses any water but bottled or distilled is better to use
THE ICE MAKER DRAWS 2.9 AMPS AT IT HIGHEST DRAW
Im not sure but I do believe it should fit an kenmore bought so long ago something else broke on machine had to replace whole thing.
yes, that is the correct lid switch for that model number,
Hello, I looked this up and I am seeing that this part is NOT a fit and search Part Number: W10404050. Please confirm but my findings show this should work. Thank you for asking
Google your model number, especially to appliance parts pros. That way you'll be able to find your exact part number.
You'll need your model number. You can look it up at appliancepartspros.com to get the correct part number.
No this part not gona work this one is the right part Latchfor Whirlpool Automatic Washer model#WTW5640XW0 PART NUMBER:W10238287 Substitution: W10404050
It may, but you would need to look it up through your model number.
When I installed the part I learned I had to modify the end for it to work on my washer
Yes, this is the correct part for your model.
I believe so. In the description it states by whirlpool. I have had no problems since installing it myself.
Honestly I don't know, I have bought this part to a kitchenaid refrigerator and works perfectly, you can call customer service and they will inform you if this part will work for your kenmore model
I do not believe so. No. But it solved our ice maker problem nicely.
I don't know! I have a whirlpool Gold and you might can google which part will fit?
yes but it did not help because I am still not getting water too make ice
yes rajani patel
James: I do not know. You can go on line to Hotpoint, when you get to there home page put in your model number have it scan. You should be able to come up with a parts list and it will give you a part number. You can then compare it to this valve. I am sure the company that makes it makes it for more than just the GE which is what I used it for. It was an excellent fit for me and it works just great. I wish you the best for your search. I hope this is helpful. L.Erb
This part was the correct product for my GE washer.
Yes
Ge redesigned the part. It is the correct replacement per ge
Similar? yes, Interchangeable? I'd say no, mounting screws in different places
I used it on my kitchenware kudio1flss6. Worked great.
Yes it will. The pulley assembly on the KA is better quality so just replace the rope cable unless pulley is bad.
Yes it's correct, it fits many models
To be sure I would suggest that you check with the manufacturer of your oven; they often use secondary parts but you should double check
Kristin, the manufacturer indicates the 316075103 bake element is not compatible with your model - The part number your unit requires is 5308003347. Unfortunately, we do not recommend ordering outside of the manufacturer specified part numbers, this is the only way to ensure compatibility and safe replacement of spare parts.
Yes! No alterations required. A perfect fit. Remove [2] screws, pull the element forward, remove the element wires. Reverse the procedure to install. Takes only a few minutes to install NOTE: TURN OFF POWER TO THE STOVE PRIOR TO INSTALLATION!
Yes this product is the same as the 316075104. It should fit perfect. Mine certainly did!
Yes, this will work on your model
This unit is 2350 watts
yes, this will work on your model
Yes, the 316075103 bake element is compatible with the FEF366ECE model.
Yes
No
Yes it will its a good deal
Go to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgJlBOR1KXk. Do unplug the fridge before proceeding, but I found that I did not need to remove the icemaker from the freezer wall to do the rest. I just popped the cover off the icemaker, removed the metal bar as instructed, unscrewed the three screws from the motor, popped it out, and reversed the steps to put it back together. I plugged the fridge back in, and voila! After a cycle or two, the fridge was kickin' ice out better than it had for a long time. I sure would love to know if this works for you!
Hi there, No it does not. So save your front cover
Sure. It's 185 W, 115 V, 1.6 A, 60 Hz. Hope that helps! I've never had any trouble with this motor, either!
Yes, this will work on your model
If .... The replacement module has the same numbers as your old ice maker module then yes. Most ice makers are the same in most refrigerators. This module worked in my Kitchen aid and is a great value.. Thanks and good luck.
Sorry , no this motor is not available without module
if it looks like yours it is
I couldn't find just one part. The whole assembly is inexpensive to replace. Besides, what if you replaced the main gear and another old part failed next month? You'd be back to square one and still have to replace the module.
I'm not positive but I think it would.
yes, might have to use original base support.
Yes, you might need to modify base support. Take original base support and compare to new one. FYI, do not touch element with your fingers, everyone's hands have oil and this will cause the element to crack with time. Good luck!
Yes that is part #281282
Michael, Should work. Look at this link to find a repair guide and parts pictures. http://www.repairclinic.com/PartDetail/Dryer-Igniter/279311/3415?modelNumber=110.77032601&fromRepairHelp=True You should get the thermal fuse as well. They burn out when the lint trap is clogged and the dryer gets to hot. Only ~$3 and free shipping. Link below... http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-Kenmore-dryer-thermofuse-3392519/dp/B000NCTOUM/ref=pd_bxgy_la_img_y
Y es.work
It fits perfect. I am happy with it
Everything I find points to this should work as it is a black grill for said model of Whirlpool microwave.
I don't know, but you can check the manual for parts numbers, or the Whirlpool website to see if the part number matches.
Yes it does. Fit perfectly
"Unfortunately I'm not sure - I can tell you that there are 3 small tabs along the ""bottom"" of the grill that set into 3 slits along the top of my oven, and that there are no screws that hold this vent in place, rather it is 2 metal clasps on the back that flex and hold the vent in place. I would recommend calling the toll free number at the vendor that provides this part and see if they can confirm fitment - I'm just a layman, but I hope that what I've provided will be helpful :)"
Yes, fits better than the original.
Hello Dennis, my initial response would be No, based upon my looking up part #gh7145xfb and the recommended grill for that sku. The grill that I purchased (and that you're asking about) is actually mounted and pressed into place by 2 metal clips that are affixed with screws on the backside of the grill. My particular grill also has 2 small plastic tabs along the bottom that mount into 2 small holes that act as support and guides as you press the grill into place. Does the grill that you're looking to replace have 2 metal clips on the back that hold it in place?
Sorry don't know. I have a different model number.
Yes. It's by design and normal.
I believe so but the best way to know for sure is to take out the current chopper. It's easy and you will be able to look at the pic an tell.
Don't think so, you need W10083957 / AP4260709.
Should be the right part. See video here: http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-chopper-assembly-8268383-ap3039186.html#repairvideo
If this is the part number that comes up with this model number Yes!
Yes
"I'm certain the answer is Yes, but you can verify for yourself by doing what I just did. I looked up your model number on a Whirlpool parts site, but found that they listed 6 versions of your model, adding an additional number (zero through 5) after the ""XTXS"". See this on the following page: http://www.whirlpoolpartsonline.com/catalogsearch/result/?q=DU1015XTXS I selected DU1015XTXS0, then clicked on the diagram for ""Pump and Motor Parts"" and found the chopper part number to be 8268383 (the one your are asking about) on this page: http://www.whirlpoolpartsonline.com/modellookup/index/thirdstep/keyword/DU1015XTXS/model_no/DU1015XTXS0/model_id/375624/diagram_id/10199500 I then tried the same thing for XTXS1 - XTXS5 and saw the same chopper part is used in all 6 models."
No
I don't know. You can look it up on line possibly. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I received the chopper as pictured.
According to Whirlpool and an independent Whirlpool parts supplier, yes it should fit and work just fine.
This replacement fits right in. The dimensions and measurements are exactly the same. Great fit. The only issue is the part does not come with installations. I had to google to find a guidance to put the parts preventing from leaking.
That's possible. However, before returning the item, double check that you installed it correctly in accordance with the instructions.
NO
wrong electric plug, one single wire, one dual wire plug, i had to use my old solenoid to make it work.
The lid is supposed to open. If it isn't the gasket is leaking. This is why I replaced mine. It works as it should now.
Yes, light grey.
According to several dishwasher parts suppliers, this part is compatible with your model.
I would think not. It is supposedly a replacement part for a whirlpool dishwasher. Unless the kitchenaid documentation allows it as a replacement part, it won't work.
no, wrong number search AMAZON again, give make, model, serial number. Now that you have checked AMAZON go to web and search for the the dispenser and compare the findings before you order. I have found that when you buy this product the wire plug is usually wrong. Check to see if yous uses a single wire plug or double plug as it hast to be correct to plug in and work.
I have model gh5184xps-4. This vent had the clips and it is fitting well.
Yes
Yes...that's the same model I have. It worked perfectly. Good luck! Bob
Funny story here (kind of). Yes, it worked perfect but after buying it and putting it on the microwave ran for a week and cratered on me. Not heating so it looks like I'm going to have to buy another Microwave................so if want to buy mine I'll sell it cheap. Still brand new?
Need to know the model number that is located inside the door? The serial number will not give the answer.
Yes it will, that's the model I have and it was a perfect fit
Sorry, I have a different serial number - TR T 24 33447
Not sure. I have a Whirlpool Gold and it fit perfectly. Snapped right in.
"I have well water and a softener, and high iron content. I purchased this product about a year ago, and it worked great for a few weeks (strong ozone smell). Then the ozone smell stopped. I sent it back to greentech environmental and they replaced it free of charge. Then the same problem occurred. They recommended I ""backwash"" the unit, where you reverse the connections, and flow water backwards. This fixed the problem! Apparently small particles can clog the ozone generator. Now I backflush the unit after every 4 loads (once a week), and that has worked over the past 9 months. Also am using a smaller (1 micron) sediment filter, instead of 30 micron, ahead of the softener."
That's a great question and one I have been wondering myself, having owned a Purewash for the past year. I can only postulate that companies such as P&G have a financial interest (i.e. own stock) in washing machine manufacturing companies.
I have not needed the warranty yet (thankfully) but I did find it listed online. I hope it helps! PUREWASH LIMITED WARRANTY Your pureWash Laundry System is warranted to be free from all defects in material and workmanship in normal household use for a period of (1) year from date of purchase. An additional (2) years on parts only is included. The warranty is granted only to the original purchaser and members of his or her immediate household. The warranty is subject to the following provisions. Any damages or malfunctions caused by negligence, abuse, or use not in accordance with the Owner's Manual are not covered by this warranty. Likewise, any defects or damages caused by unauthorized service or the use of other than Genuine GreenTech Environmental parts are not covered. GreenTech Environmental, LLC. will, at its option, repair or replace a defective pureWash Laundry System or part(s) for the pureWash Laundry System that is covered by this warranty. As a matter of warranty policy, GreenTech Environmental, LLC. will not refund the customer's purchase price. OBTAINING WARRANTY SERVICES To obtain warranty service you must return the defective pureWash Laundry System or pureWash Laundry System parts along with proof of purchase to the GreenTech Environmental Authorized Service Center. All transportation charges on parts, or units, submitted under this Warranty shall be borne by purchaser. Unless this Warranty is expressly renewed or extended by GreenTech Environmental, LLC., any repaired or replaced part of unit shall be warranted to the original purchaser only for the length of the unexpired portion of the original warranty. For the location of the nearest GreenTech Environmental Authorized Service Center or for service information in the United States or Canada, please visit us online at: FURTHER LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ARE AS FOLLOWS Any warranty that may be implied in connection with your purchase or use of the pureWash Laundry System, including any warranty of merchantability or any warranty for Fitness For A Particular Purpose is limited to the duration of this warranty. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. Your relief for the breach of this warranty is limited to the relief expressly provided above. In no event shall GreenTech Environmental, LLC. be liable for any consequential or incidental damages you may incur in connection with your purchase or use of the pureWash Laundry System. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. www.GreenTechEnv.com/service
Not at all. I have been using it over a year now with a septic system. If anything, it is better for it as you aren't releasing detergent into it.
Mine has been working for 14 months for a family of four and we haven't purchased laundry detergent in all that time. Purchased the High Efficiency version - ran it for a standard washer for about 4 months and then replaced the washer with a high efficiency 10 months ago. Because it generates the gases when it runs, I see no reason why it won't last for a long time.
Low Flow model
China
No. Due to the small amount of water used in an HE washer the Purewash designed for HE washers has a small output and concentrated ozone action. If you use the high flow on an HE washer you will get very poor results from your Purewash due to the diluted ozination.
The gray water would only contain water (H2O), Ozone (O3), Hydrogen Peroxide (H2O2), and whatever dirt would be on your clothes. Hydrogen Peroxide is only slightly acidic at 6.2 on the ph scale so it shouldn't be enough of a change to make a difference in your plants.
No it does not
1.75 in.
Yes
Mine is on the first floor, my washing machine has stopped walking all over the laundry room. This product has really helped.
The vibration pads have a 1/4 inch inset for the feet of the pedestal or washer/dryer to sit in. The pads will raise your pedestal 1.25 inches, and this is before you make any height adjustments with the pedestal drawer.
I only put one set. I placed them under the pedestal on the floor. Still working good !
Yes
Yes
Maybe an 1/2 inch to an inch is my best guess. Hope it helps.
These are made for stand alone machines.....I don't think this would work for what you want to do.
Alan, what I did was tip the washing, then have someone place the two pads down. Slowly lower until washing machine rests on pads. I hope this helps!
Sure will. Like a glove
I'm not certain but from a few internet searches it looks to me like you need Part No. AP3672603 Mfg Part Number 5303937187 For the 970-C48072 Might want to do a few searches to confirm.
No. Wrong product shipped.
This part fit mine. The only way to be sure is to look it up at a site like Sears parts direct using the actual model number
im not sure, I threw away the box that had all that info on
I could not really find the model# anywhere on my washer but it says it is the super capacity He2plus, the largest model. I also could not find another bellow part # for any other size. I think that they are made to fit all the He2plus models as they are very flexable???? I could be wrong but this one was an easy install and fit mine washer perfectly.
I believe it will fit, but not 100% sure
Yes it will, I search your model # and my Model 3 they have the same replacement #8540952
I am pretty sure it will. You can double check at searspartsdirect.com
Not sure on that model number, but it looks like most of those HE2 washers use the same bellow. If you search the bellow & model number it should come up. If it says that it's for a Whirlpool washer then it will work, that's who makes the HE2 machines.
I would wait the 24 hrs. The reason being that if it were to ship on its side, the oil in the compressor would drain away from the motor. The compressor needs all the oil to live a long and happy life
The freezer is tiny. You can get a couple of ice trays in it. I love the fridge. It is quiet and the lower part can hold lots of stuff. I use it in my office.
Yes it can
Not sure what a 1/6 keg is. I know two corny kegs fit with a 5 lb CO2 tank. check out corny-keg dimensions on wikipedia or your local home brew supply store website.
it is in my opinion.... also the main thing is that it is the coldest mini fridge available on the market all the rest are semi cold and this one id freezing cold ... great for beers
This is a different frig. There is no frozen food compartment. I have found, by experience, that models that have the frozen food compartment , it is useless. This model has a plate that covers the back of the whole compartment. The cooling coils are behind that. There is an automatic defrost with a drip pan that takes care of any frost build up. It works very well and is quiet. I have found that the food I put on the rear of any of the shelves gets and stays quite cool. I hope this helps.
21.5 x 20.5 x 33.1 inches (copied and pasted from the product description above....)
there isn't a thermometer in the unit. It of course has a thermostat but I cant tell you the temp sorry
Shouldn't be a problem
This model is excellent as a cooler for canned drinks and vegetables. It is better than the usual small refrigerator as it does not have to be defrosted. The outside of it is not sturdy enough for outside use. I have had mine for 3 years and it still works fine.
Yes, the crisper is removable.
To put this briefly it will not last a month so it's hard to estimate the power use. PLEASE do yourself a favor and avoid this refrigerator and the manufacturer in general at any cost! Hope this helps you.
Yes. There needs to be some clearance around it and behind it for air circulation, so the cabinets shouldn't be completely flush with the unit - check the manual online for the exact clearance specifications. We have had ours a year now and are very pleased with it.
If you're asking if Danby will do that for you, I can't answer that. But a double tap tower will fit just fine on this. I replaced mine recently. Just make sure the demensions of the tower base and the holes for the screws match up.
I put mine under counter and mounted tap to counter. Used a small can of the foam insulation to seal the hole on top of fridge...no problems. Technically, this is a free standing model but I did not want to pay the extra money for a true under counter model. I have decent ventilation space under counter and no problems so far
"""Beer Line Cleaning Kit"" available on this site. i did not clean the lines when i first used it. the parts are in a sealed bag."
Yes
The sleeve clamp that holds the tubing to the keg coupler is crimped to tight. Need to cut it off and redo it with a regular tubing clamp.
Yes they can its a standard tap which most beers have. Some Foreign beers need a European adaptor
No it will not. Tried and ended up having to exchange keg.
Yes it does.
No. I have two kegs in my kegerator (I just use a picnic tap on the other one if I want to use it).
Sorry I have no idea. I bought a Danby and ended up returning it for their TERRIBLE customer service. It didn't work for me and their customer service was the worst. Just fair warning.
There is nothing in the Instruction Manual that says anything about the height of the Washer related to the sink, so I'm assuming that it wouldn't be considered as a problem. A pump does pump out the used water after each cycle, so with only a 4 foot set of hoses, I doubt the height of the Washer would be an issue. It would of course be wise to go on-line to Danby and check with them. The Danby countertop Washers are great when you don't have the room for a full sized Washer. This is the 3rd one I've had as they do have a life span of only 2 to 3 years, but for the price, replacing them isn't all that bad.
It is not designed for that. It does need to connect to the faucet. But with the proper tools, space, and engineuity I suppose you could make it work.
The longest one, the heavy is 1 hour 45 minutes, normal 1:25, light 1:15, glass 1:10, speed 45minutes and soak 10 minutes. The dishes do not come out fully dried when it finishes, they may have some water drops on them still. So what I do is open it when the cycle is done and leave it open for ten more minutes, then they fully dry.
I don't think you can put it sideways - probably would leak. Maybe Nick B can share the product he bought.
When im in watching tv you dont even notice it until it changes the water because it drains in your sink. or at the end it beeps telling you it is done I am very happy with mine.
I don't know. I bought it for my daughter. She said it holds at least 4 place settings comfortably and a couple of glasses.
can connect and unconnect to faucet pretty quickly (locks in) but if you dont have a standard faucet head it may be annoying or impossible. the units drain into the sink, there are 2 hoses, one going in and one goes out back into sink.
Manual can be downloaded here: http://www.danby.com/en/US/our_products/specialty/ddw611wled
No. Sorry. There's no dry setting. There's also the fact that it doesn't always leave your dishes dry at the end. In fact, it almost never opens at the end of a cycle without spraying you with water droplets. Never stand so your face clears the door when you're opening at the end of a cycle. That's the Splash Zone.
"MY plates are 9 3/4"". Still a little clearance. Looks like a 10"" plate max."
Hi, I don't know, however, the seller has been very helpful for all inquiries I've made so far.
30 is more accurate. They do have a 36 that would be the later
China, mine had a bad circuit board that went bad after about three weeks. It took four months to get the replacement. But, I have had no issues since.
No, the product description says 8' to 9' ceilings. The height is adjustable but if you mounted it on a 10' ceiling you would end up with too much clearance above your cooktop.
I was able to get the document set which included the wiring diagram; but I don't remember just how I did that since it has been a couple of years now. I believe I researched the mfg name, the searched via Google for documents online. That worked for me and it was free. Just a note of caution; our ceiling is only 7' (dropped for a design reason) so hoods like this one will either hang low or will requir an expensive modification (fabrication). If you ceiling is at least 8' you are good to go.
Yes halogen or u could use led
What is the question?
If you are talking about the height above the range top, it should be about 28 - 32 inches. My installation is 29 inches, the governing factor is you don't want to hit your head on the vent unit when you lean over whatever you are cooking. The fan motor is powerful enough that we rarely use the high setting. As to adjustment, the unit as provided has the ability to adjust, but in my case, the ceiling was tilted and slightly too high, so I had an extended stainless duct piece fabricated (~$130) to make it all work.
I cut mine to fit. I have a 8.5foot ceiling
The lights are Halogen. Hot! Can be replaced with LED at $20 per. Light sockets can be a challenge to work with though.
Most likely the temperature is too low. Turn off the energy saving option. If that doesn't work, lower the refrigerator temperature to the lowest settings for the refrigerator and freezer.
Dear Klaus D Weinhold, LG does make this unit in a white. The model number for it is LFX31925SW. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710.0
It takes 10 seconds for 8oz, saddle valve,05. Hope this helps.
Yes there is.
31.9 cu ft. Great fridge. Ice sometimes gets stuck if you do use ice in door much. Awesome led lighting. I love mine.
It is with mine. Don't buy this fridge. After around three weeks of it sounding like a generator running in my kitchen, it finally got repaired. But now, after a few months of quiet operation, it's beginning to get loud again. Looks nice on the outside, but all LG (Lackluster Garbage) on the inside.
I believe from my experience that the ice maker makes ice upon demand. The lower the freezer temperature, the faster the ice is made
Yes.
Yes, they will. If you opt for the White Glove service.
What's the question?
For my refrigerator it was a universal replacement, and as stated on the Supco web site, it should work in most GE, Whirlpool appliances. It was easy to install and a definite improvement over the original OEM icemaker.
No
No, Sorry your model calls for WR30x10093
Underneath the unit. There is a clip that the wires, including the sensor, attach to.
Yes you will need other parts, this is only the ice maker. The IM3 kit also includes the water valve, water lines and ice tray. Check the freezer but you should have a plug in the side to plug the icemaker into
Don't know, but it is a piece of junk. Lasted 3 mos then started leaking and they won't even answer their emails about it. I will be replacing but not with that brand.
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00WT4BB94 Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
Hi Danielle, According to the website below, the Supco RIM300 replaces the wr30X0306 icemaker. http://www.nt-ice.com/product.php?product=175186&alt_name=Replacement+For+WR30X0306+Icemaker Lowell
This unit should work with all GE refrigerators that have an existing ice maker installation, i.e.: wiring, (2) screw mounting and a water solenoid valve.
You should be able to use the existing valve on your refrigerator. The Supco unit has a cube size control to adjust if necessary.
I'll be able to answer that tonite, 2/7
"Laid down flat from tip to tip it measures 10 3/8"" long"
The length is 10 7/16 inches or 10 1/2 inches. From screw hole to screw hole it is 6 and 3/4 inches.
1 Unplug the washer's power cable from the wall outlet, or turn off the breaker supplying power to the appliance. 2 Open the washer door and then remove the wire-clamp and spring from the boot seal, which is the seal on the wash-tub opening. To remove the wire-clamp and spring, use needle-pliers 3 Move the seal away from the door jamb on the right-side of the tub opening. 4 Place one hand behind the door latch to hold it. Remove the mounting screws securing the latch to the inside of the door jamb. 5 Pull the door latch out of the door jamb and through the tub opening. 6 Disconnect the wire connectors from the rear of the latch. Discard the old latch. 7 Connect the wire connectors to the new latch. 8 Insert the latch into the door jamb, holding it into position from behind. 9 Secure the latch into position using the mounting screws that were removed. 10 Reinstall the wire-clamp and spring around the boot seal. 11 Close the washer door and then restore power to complete the repair.
Worked on my GHW9200LW. You should be able to cross reference. Takes a bit of work to install but anyone with a little mechanical ability can do it
Per the Kenmoor owners manual for the model ghw9100, this part should act as a substitute. The model number should contain a few more numbers. Google the model number and search for the owners manual. You should be able to confirm the part number needed. Good luck.
The issue I had the door wouldn't lock, and the washer wouldn't go into spin cycle. I used u-tube videos that people posted. I took the pump apart to and cleaned it out. I have found most front loads are similar just slight variations.
Yes - it does work with it - i used one to replace for HE3
The part should work with this model number.
Yes, this part will fit. The original part for the Door lock assembly PART NUMBER: 8181700 was replaced with/ or Substitution: 8182634
latch fit but it broke after 3 uses. there is something wrong with latch system on this whoolpool.
Yes. We went on line & Googled our Kenmore Elite HE 3t, which is about 13 years old, when it began throwing the error code F/dl in July. We learned (see http://www.fixya.com/tags/8181700) that it was the same as the Whirlpool Duet Washer. With that info, we called around town using Part # 8182634 (Door Switch Assembly). In Tucson, the quoted price was over $100 for the part. We chose to order the part from Parts Appliance Chicago ($46 w/ shipping) via Amazon Marketplace. We ordered it on a Monday & it arrived on Saturday. (There are some great videos on Youtube to guide you through the install. I can send the links to you- if you need them). We used them to initially determine the problem & multiple times when installing the new part.) Hope this helps. ~Barbara
yes this latch should work with this model
Not sure. I went to an online supply parts website entered the model number of the washer and looked at the detailed drawing. Found the handle and it was part 8181846. Fit like a glove and 1/3 the price at the supply website. Figured I could always return if not right. Hope that helps.
your part number shows up as trim, upper right. this is the handle.
I believe it was off white. Washer has since died and no longer have it to confirm.
I believe it should. Put you model number in Google and look the handle part number there. Then order it on amazon
I certainly believe it will fit. However I can't guarantee. From my research it appears they only have one option for all the models that use this handle.
I am not sure but if you look at the model # of your washer then look up handle replacements it will tell you what it is compatable with. My Washer # is GHW9100pwo
It should, as that model looks just like mine.
Not positive but it might. Our model was GHW9100LW2, if it calls for the same part number it may work on your machine.
No
Yes
Yes. I have the same model washer and it fit perfectly.
I guess it depends on what the problem is. The bellow in my washer had a big chunk missing and the door wasn't sealing so water was leaking onto the floor. I didn't even know there was a retaining ring until we started the process and were watching the video. So no, I did not replace the retaining ring and it's been 3 months and I've had no problems.
According to the following link, http://www.manualslib.com/manual/100335/Maytag-Mhwe300vw11.html?page=3#manual , the bellow part number 8182119 works with Maytag Model #MHWE300VW11
check out youtube for a video on this. you really only need a pair of pliers or a weatherman tool. there is a spring clip around the bellows - this is usually located at the 6-oclock position on the washer. very easy and took me no more than 10 minutes to do. Sadly, this washer has had too many problems and we sent it to the dump. Sears was the biggest pain and would not honor the extended warranty i purchased. In the last year, i had so many problems, that i had to report them to the BBB. Moved on to Samsung, which i heard Sears uses now anyways....
Mine is a Kenmore elite HE3t model no.110.49962603 and this part no. was what they suggested through Kenmore, works great!!
according to my research done with google searching for your model's parts, you need AP4379904 door boot seal.
Usually the seller lists all the compatible washers the part fits. If that isn't enough you can check many appliance parts websites and will surely find your answer there.
I do not know... I do not know that model.
The bellow you're thinking of ordering fit my Whirlpool washer perfectly, and I didn't need any additional parts. My wife and I also managed to replace the below ourselves by following the precise instructions offered in the following 5-minute video that we found on Utube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFDqUvBgxH4. Best of luck! J. C.
I have no idea.
Yes, it does work with the Kitchenaid Microwave. I bought one less than a year ago.
Yes - we have the same thing. As long as you search for your kitchenaid serial number, use the replacement whirlpool that comes back. Good luck with the replacement process.
This is what they make for this appliance. I think your only option is to have one custom made. It would probably cost about $500, maybe more. Order two of the plastic ones, so you don't have to wait to replace it the next time. Mine lasted about 7 years.
I don't think so. I didn't see one. You could try KitchenAid or Whirlpool customer service maybe.
That is the correct part for a KitchenAid Microwave. I just bought this part in May of this year.
yes!! same exact microwave that I have. it was a pain to install. ended up getting a appliance technician to do it. at least i didnt have to pay for the parts with the repair service.
This is what you need for your unit...Door Handle Part Number: PS556624 Not sure if 8184264 here is compatible with Kitchen Aid.
In order to replace the handle the whole microwave door needs to be pulled apart...... we opted to not replace it....
No, wrong part for your dryer. LER7646E models should use PART NUMBER: 3398064 or Substitution: 279838
110 is the source who made it which is whirlpool
I used it on model 110.62972101. I don't know how similar the models are. It seems to be the element for models where you access the element through the front bottom panel.
Go on Whirlpool.com and see if this item will work on your dryer. Order from Amazon and you'll get the absolutely lowest price and this item is very easy to install yourself. Just remember to unplug your dryer first.
Not sure. (I'm not a repair technician just a person with tools and determination to DIY) What I have done for both my washer and dyer (if you haven't already) is search for the model number and the part needed. So for you... search - Kenmore 110.86983810 dryer heater element - and then search AMAZON for the part number (I have purchased from the parts supplier and Amazon - since I have prime I go Amazon if the part is available) So in your case ... http://www.repairclinic.com/PartDetail/b6p8/Kenmore-Dryer-Heating-Element-Assembly/3387747/525502?modelNumber=110.86983810&ss=a8b6d502079&mr=1 Which gives you the part number &lt;&lt;Whirlpool OEM Part #3387747&gt;&gt; Which is this one - so I would say it should work. Very easy to replace. Have your shop vac handy you will be amazed at how much lint build up there is. Also make sure your exhaust duct is clean too. I believe my heater element failed because of the lint backed up in the exhaust duct. I don't believe the lint catcher is as effective as it could be so the dryer is on my yearly schedule now to clean the lint out of the exhaust duct and to open the front bottom panel and clean out the unit. Hope this helps
Yes it is that is the modle # I have. Fits perfectly
Is that a front load dryer if so kenmore and whirlpool are almost identical. To be safe un plug dryer go to the bottom panel should have 2 screws there hex so i think a 8mm or a 10mm. Take that panel off. Look to the right side un screw bracket that holds heating eelement. One more screw holds it in pull out the heating element from the mount there is a number on it see if it matches the description. Then it will work but couldn't tell you right off hand without looking
Yes
I just looked up my dryer model on Google and found the unit that was a correct fit. Before ordering I pulled it out and made sure.
A quick search shows that your model would require this element: http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-8544771-Single-Element/dp/B00DM8L056/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1417748971&sr=8-1&keywords=8544771. You will notice there are slight differences in design and fit. The part number is 8544771.
I wish I can answer your question , but I wouldn't know my husband is the one that knows , and he is Out of town , I will ask him when he gets back .
I would check SearsPartsDirect.com. This site gave me the correct replacement for my Kenmore washer.
We used it on a gas Whirlpool duet, kit is labled to work for a few different models
Yes it does that's what I put it on
Yes; it was perfect !
Can't say 100% for sure but looking at several parts sites for that model it looks like it should.
We own a whirlpool duet sport model WED8300SW2 and it fit no problem.
I'm confused. Why would I have a part for you?
There was not any odor with any of the products they provided me!
Yes, I used on that model number.
Yes. It replaced our OEM which rusted.
Yes they do. Ridiculously expensive but it fits and cheaper than buying a whole new dishwasher.
I will suggest that you look at your model and compare its features to the Whirlpool 8193795 .You can order it and if it does not fit Amazon will gladly refund your purchase
I don't know check the picture with your old rack for the specs and size
It should work fine. 8193795 AP3178591 cross reference each other and your model is listed as using AP3178591 on a different parts website that i used when i purchased this here. You will need to re-use or purchase the wheel-transport assembly as well. I just reused my old parts, but often times the plastic parts are pretty weak now as well and will snap from the flexing when taking off or putting it back on.
Yes it did. It works better than the original one did.
No
look at your rack very closely, does it have the exact same features? The wheels and the width . Note that this rack is for the bottom of your dishwasher. Look up the replacement numbers for your original and check for compatibility.
"Fred, go to this link and click on ""more details"" just below the image. I believe I see your model listed down the page. Hope this helps. http://www.genuineapplianceparts.com/item/8193795_Whirlpool_Dishwasher_Lower_Dish_Rack/1624"
Hello Russ, the model number for my dishwasher is DU943PWKQO and the serial number is FR0632731. The lower dish rack that you mentioned fits my dishwasher perfectly. I am not sure how your washer compares with mine. I did not see that number listed in my manual, However, I know they change over the years. I bought mine in 2004. The picture on the Amazon site should help you see if they look alike. The dimensions have to be the same. I wish the best for you in your search. RuthHatfield
You can search Sears parts online by model number and they give you part number and if it matches it will work. Lot better price on amazon and it's the factory part
Check for a burnt out bulb. Remove and inspect under bright light and see if the filament (little coil springs) is broken.
I do not know
yes, I do repair around 15 gas ranges wekly
yes i think so
Yes it was and it saved me from purchasing a new stove.
Yes
Most likely this is the right part. This valve is used on just about all digital controled ranges nowdays, kenmore, whirlpool, etc. Use an ohm meter to check the valve. Center terminal is neutral, check continuity on both outside poles. If you get no closed circuit on either pole you have a dead coil in the valve. One circuit runs the bottom burner the other runs the broyler, top burner, but if one solinoid is dead neither will work. Six year old range and the valve went out. Best price on Amazon!
Yes it does. My son tried to move the oven by the handle and ripped the inserts out of the original handle. I ordered this and found a YouTube video showing how to install it.
The handle is all metal.
the handle is 29 1/4 ins. It fits perfectly on my model MER5875RAN Maytag electric range.
I have a Kenmore stackable washer/dryer and the lint trap (#131359600) fit perfectly.
Dryer is in a rental condo to which I don't have access, but 12X2 is approx correct.
Hi Kenny! The frame is plastic.. rest is metal ;)
My dryer (stackable unit) is at least 20 years old, and it fit.
I have no idea....sorry.
Sorry, don't know.
Yes sure wil!
Check this website ---&gt; http://www.appliancepartspros.com/06-transmission-parts-for-maytag-mav7200aww.html
Yes, or it was one in my parts bag.
No
"Hi, According to this website ---&gt; http://www.appliancepartspros.com/06-transmission-parts-for-maytag-mav7200aww.html ---- it should work however, you could run into the same problem as I did where you would have to remove 1/16"" off of the large end of the pulley. Being a toolmaker by trade I was able to do this at home, using my drill press and a 1/4"" 2 flute end mill / milling cutter. If you're not experienced in milling plastic or machining on a drill press then I would advise not to attempt it, end mills are super sharp. Anyhow, check out that website that's listed above."
It worked perfectly, excellent product, thank you very much
Yes, this one fits your model.
Your model uses a 137043000, which currently isn't available on amazon.
Nope, you need to use 134156400 for the washer because 134196600 its for dryer
it is a simple filament type ignitor, either wire should work.
I am not sure but usually if looks the same probably is and most will work anyways with others. Usually works the same way
ABOUT 10 INCHES
this is a standard glow ignitor. it depends on where you put it. it has to be fairly close to the gas burner jets. it does not spark. it just glows. either wire can be hooked up as + good luck
My suggestion is to look at the one you have. Ours is an older stove when I had to replace this and ours was in broiler part only took two screws to change it out. So I would look at yours and see what it looks like.
Give me more information to the questions...
I dont know, Google it.
R. Scott, this part is for one of the two shelf supports that your crisper drawers on the bottom will slide into. If that is what you are replacing, yes, it will fit your model.
If you are referring to the glass shelves....yes
I don't remember the number of the original part but the part I ordered was a direct replacement
yes it will, perfect fit.
The part you might need in all sites I have checked is MFG Number 240350903. Here are some sights http://www.appliancepartspros.com/search.aspx? model=lgus2646lfo http://www.easyapplianceparts.com/PartInfo.aspx?inventory=899475&SourceCode=1&SearchTerm=LGUS2646LF0&ModelNum=LGUS2646LF0. It is totally different numbers for your model.
Yes
Yes, ours fit just fine...
I bought this one for the bottom crisper draw. I called an Apsco, gave them the model # of my fridge and they gave me the part # I needed. I then went to Amazon to order it because it was cheaper. Good luck.
Went to appliance compatibility tool online & yes, this will fit. The new part # is ps2361213 which replaces the paper # in question 240350702. appliancepartpros.com has it for 30.22 + 6.95 shipping so is cheaper than amazon. This us the website where I found the appliance compatibility tool - good luck
Yes I believe it will. This is the parts diagram for my fridge: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Frigidaire-Parts/Refrigerator-Parts/Model-FRS26LF8CSN/1428/0165000/R0502102/00004?blt=06&prst=&shdMod= And here is the parts diagram for yours: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Frigidaire-Parts/Refrigerator-Parts/Model-FRS6R5ESB6/1428/0165000/R0606042/00004?blt=06&prst=0&shdMod=FRS6R5ESB6 They both use the same crisper pan cover. Hope this helps. -carlos
"I put one in my FFHT1826.. Which wasn't one of the listed models but it still fit. I think 18 is key, as its 18"" wide."
I don't know..I bought it for a fridge in an apartment I used to live in. I would look at the shipping information .. it should give you dimensions in that section.
Perfectly. It fits exactly with my frigde. Thansk a lot.
Yes it should.
Your model uses a 240355208 spill safe shelf. It is available on Amazon if you search for the part number.
I am not sure--it fit very well into the refrigerator I bought it for.
It is a perfect fit!!! I would recommend this.
Perfect !
Perfect better than the one that it can with.
Yes. It fit mine perfectly.
No this only fits frigidaire
We usually ship within 1 or 2 business days of ordering. In most cases, first class shipping takes 2-5 business days to most of the U.S.
"Hope you have talked with a Frigidaire dealer. I have a Kenmore, but could not find a replacement handle anywhere, so I bought a ""universal"" style handle from Amazon. It fit well at the top, but it was a bit too long. So I covered the old hole with spackle, and attached the bottom part of the handle with plastic epoxy to the refrigerator door. It worked like a charm. Would not necessarily recommend this option to others, but I am an old retired widow and if I could do it, maybe there's a man in your life who could do it for you."
Yes
Yes, it will fit.
yes it fits perfect, better than the one it came with
Sorry, I am not sure. I just took a chance and ordered the rack cause it looked like my old one. I can not find the serial number on my DW. However the rack I ordered fit perfect.
Yes, it is white
Go to applanceparts.com with your model number and then the one model number from amoazon and it will cross reference for you that's what I did
Mine was a different model number. I have f71c44ejso.but I do believe that all the fridgidare are pretty universal.it fits great.
I have no problems with this rack. Works well!
Yes
Seems to be a pretty generic rack that fits most models. Kinda cheap feeling but you can't beat the price!
"When I bought the rack I went by dimensions alone. It was the same size as the ""Haier"" dish washer rack I was replacing. Your old utensil rack may not fit as securely but it may be adequate."
No. I think you need part # PS3653458 - Frigidaire # 154866702. You can check at this website: www.partselect.com
Yes
I own a Kenmore, so i can't give you a definitive answer. I replaced my crisper by sight alone, and it was a perfect fit! Sorry that i could not be more of an assistance to you Oscar.
Yes
"This should fit, it's 17 3/4"" deep. also made for kenmore http://www.amazon.com/Frigidaire-240337103-Crisper-Pan-Refrigerator/dp/B00545ATZW Frigidaire 240337103 Crisper Pan for Refrigerator"
According to the number you have listed, it comes up as a Kenmore side-by-side refrigerator. I would call Sears or any local appliance parts store and verify what I need and get a current part number from them...then you can try to cross-reference to a generic/non-OEM lower cost part. Good luck
I'm not really sure but if Sears told you that it would,then go with it. You can always exchange it. I considered buying the crisper from Sears but it was a bit expensive. I'm sorry that I can't give you a definitive answer. Good luck!
go to searspartdirect.com input your model number and it will show a diagram, so you could accurately chose which criper pan you need. 2 kinds 240351061 or 240351240
Yes
Not sure my # was 240337 & it fit, your # looks way off. Check all measurements & the way bottom is shaped
Yes, Mike it will. Make sure that looks as identical as the one that's in your fridge now.
Yes it is the same
"The ""grid"" portion of the shelf is 22"" wide by 12-5/8"" deep. The two (2) rods that support the shelf are 24"" long. The ends of the rods are 12-5/16"" center-to-center."
NO
yes
Yes it fits great
I'm sorry, I don't know.
You can install the shelf just as it comes out of the box, no problem.
This shelf fit my Frigidaire freezer perfectly however I don't have access to my specific model Frigidaire right now. If it doesn't fit you can always return it
This refrigerator is at a vacation home so I cannot double check but I think it is a frigidaire.
Thank you for your message. Unfortunately, we do not sell the two parts that are being requested. If there is anything else we can do to assist, please let us know. Best Regards,
Mine is 24 inches
I bought it for a Kenmore and it work fine
I bought it for a Fridgidaire which I believe is the same as Kenmore. You should be able to cross reference your model. I googled it and this one worked for me.
I looked the two part numbers up online and they seem to have the same dimensions. Appliance Parts dot com shows that the part number 240356405 is the Kenmore and 240356401 is the Frigidaire and they sell them as interchangeable. My best guess would be that it should fit.
Not sure, use appliances pro.com not mistakes.
Not sure, I bought 2 different sizes, and neither fit. There is not accurate way to measure, or even to be consistent. Best wishes on trying.
It will work for the freezer portion on the door. To be sure it's the correct one try taking out one that you have and compare the shape of it to the picture.
yes
It looks like you need #240338201. This place has all the parts and tells you the part number: http://www.repairclinic.com/Frigidaire-Refrigerator-Model-FRT21LR7AW9-ID-625303-Parts
It fit nicely in my fridge, but I am no expert. What I did was go to the Frigidaire site and looked up the parts and the searched for it on Amazon. Thanks.
240356401 is all white.
I haven't looked into the detail, but your fridge model details can be found on the Sears web site: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Frigidaire-Parts/Refrigerator-Parts/Model-FRS26R4CB0/1428/0165000/R0305032/00005 You should be able to determine if this shelf model number will match your refrigerator.
"12"" H x 9 3/4"" W x 1 1/2"" D"
one only
Yes, it does. It sorrounds the vapor meshe.
I think it might fit. It is a metal filter. The measurements say it is 9.5 by 12.5 inches so it sounds like it would fit.
It is hard wired.
You will have to modify it. I don't recommend this model seems to be designed for 10ft ceilings. We had to cut off quite a bit even for our 8ft ceiling which was no easy task..good luck
seems very clear to me. no color tone.
Depends... Are you replacing a hood? If so, does it vent to the outside? The blower needs a way to vent to the outside through a hard lined vent. A flex hose vent will create additional noise. You need to supply it with 120V power. It must be secured to joists in the ceiling, drywall anchors will not support the weight. If you are replacing a hood, you probably have most of these elements already installed. If not, you will need to hire someone to install unless you know how to do these things yourself. It isn't worth spending the money and risk having it fall down in the process. I installed mine during a remodel and had my framer make the opening as specified, and had an electrician provide power to the location. Good luck!
The glass does get dirty albeit, as with all glass, it will require a little windex periodically.
Yes
"Roughly 13-1/16"" deep by 15-1/8"" wide are the chimney dimensions"
"I am not sure. Mine is installed at an 8ft ceiling and it comes down to my head (I am 5'-5""). It would prob be ideal for a 9 foot ceiling."
This range hood does not recirculate the air - it exhausts the air. Most building codes require the range hood be exhausted to the exterior of the building - at least 3' away from any operable window, door or air intake duct. You could talk to an HVAC Contractor in your area to see about getting an HRU (Heat Recovery Unit). The HRU is installed on the exhaust duct to pull the heat out of the exhaust air and condition (pre-heat) incoming cooler air.
For a simple answer, no. You would need to frame in a box to create a level mounting surface, then you would be able to mount it. It needs to mount to a flat, level, non-sloping surface.
Yes
Yes
Hi, We would like to confirm that this part is suitable for your appliance. Kind regards S4A
Good afternoon, I'm afraid we do not supply the correct part required for your appliance, Kind regards, Annie
Yes this part is interchangeable with your model. This part is very common in a lot of different models.
Yes
Yes it fit ok for my refrigidator
It may fit ok the best way to find out is go to searspartsdirect.com and put your model number in to find the original part number. You also can look at your valve and compare it to the picture
it was the good part work very good ty
if it looks the same as the part you are taking off it will work regardless of what brand it is.
No, you need p/n WR57X10032
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00EXPCAKG Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
Hello, this part number will not work for your unit. The correct part number for your unit is not available in our online store at this time. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please let us know if you have any other questions! Thank you!
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FYWJRRQ Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
I'm not an expert. The part I bought fit my 800 series perfectly. There are youtube videos on how to replace the part.
Youtube is the best way to go. It has step by step instructions on how to replace you washer spin clutch. Good luck
I am not sure what is in the Whirlpool package, but it has everything that is replaceable on the shaft.
Look at the specifications
I re-used the original C Clip. what is in the photo is exactly what I got
If the machine was tilted over the oil could have leaked some. How much? A little wouldn't hurt, clean the oil off of transmission and check for more after operating. There doesn't seem to be any parts in this kit to seal the oil in to keep it from leaking. Try applianceguru.com.
Yes the kit is complete, for me it was exactly what was needed Mark
Yes is does
Yes, it will fit your washer model #11026742503
This part worked fine for me. I would be sure to compare what you have and do not hesitate to question the seller. They do not want to sell you a part you do not need.
It's my understanding that exact replacement part numbers have the same temperature settings. An ohm check will tell you if the old part is bad or not. There should be some resistance and not a zero open circuit.
These are the hi/low temp thermostats,it does not include the thermal fuse
Yes it did
Yes, This product come with all the items shown in the picture
This kit is replaces both the thermostat and upper limit sensor. The thermostat is different form the one on my dryer. It will work but I looked and found an exact replacement and didn't use the one in the kit. Don't worry about the name the part number is most important. Kenmore is made by Whirlpool, GE or a host of others and the parts can come of independent manufactures. All the information I read recommends that you replace both at the same time. Hope this helps.
Yes they are
I don't know about the number but my kit did include both parts. It is best to replace both as they are dependent upon each other. It is a simple fix.
I didn't get a fuse. I did replace the heating element along with this. It worked great.
2 pieces
my manual says that the basic sensor is -40-300F with 3' 24AWG 2 conductor wire. Nickel plated copper sensor cap. Also an upgraded sensor is a 1000Ohm Platinum RTD sensor that goes from 0-600F
You may want to check the temperature range of this unit and see if the probe can take the temperature of your smoker. If the range is within your specs and you are able to use the output to manipulate your smoker to increase or decrease the heat, sure why not.
You sure can, but you will need to change the temp on the days you want different. It does not have a day of the week function, so you will have to change the settings when you want the temp to be different. Make sure the upper limit is set high enough so when you change the temp - it only takes a few seconds. I use it on a freezer for beer fermenting. It is normally one temp range, when I lager I just make a quick change in the temp setting and I am done.
Not on this model. I think Control Products offers a different part number that includes an audible alarm.
Yes, this unit has a short cycle delay of 0-15 mins so it doesn't cycle too quickly.
I measured it with my micrometer, I got 0.2502 inches.
"No..It is designed to turn on and off at temperature set points. There isn't any way to control the ""time"" when it hits a set point. The only time setting is in-between the low shut off point and the high turn on point. If you were heating in a refrigerator with an element then it shuts off it is here you have control of the time..(it's called controlling the ""short cycle"")..after it shuts off there will be some residual heat at first then it will be absorbed or dissipate in short time...like 8-10minutes. So you set the ""lag"" time for like 15minutes, so then the controller will not check the temperature for 15min. THEN turn off if it needs to cool down more. That is the only time control in this controller. The only way to work in your case is you would need to place a 10min. timer between your controller and the pump. the problem being is you'll need a timer that re-sets after it shuts off..Not easy,but not impossible either!"
Mike, This control would work for your situation. All the parameters are adjustable so yes you can set the set points of whatever the environment you're monitoring with this unit.
Yes it can. But double check with the manufacturer.
There are no outlets that come with the controller. Additionally there is no power cable. All of this will need To be hard wired into it.
my replacement part is 19X10.5 X 1 3/4 inch deep hope this helps
Yes it does, I just purchased this from Amazon and put it in. It comes with burners and drip pans. And for the price it was worth it. I also have a A100 model, I bought my stove in 1983. Now it looks like new again.
my understanding is that the last letter designates the color.......JEA7000ADS is stainless steel, JEA7000ADB is Black, JEA7000ADW is White, so if you need white then look for JEA7000ADW
We have been using this JEA7000ADS for about 26 years, and the C202 does fit the cook top of that model. Please see here http://www.appliancepartspros.com/parts-for-jenn-air-c202.html
I am not sure, but ours is about that old and it fits great. Check with Jennair to make sure.
call the supplier and ask them. I could not tell you. hope this helps, nice people to deal with. they will help you.
All I can say, ck your serial number and inquire to the address. good people to do business with. prompt shipping and all in all, very satisfied.
My husband says it should . Our stove is down draft system Jen air !! We love out parts . We have thousands
can't say for sure, google your mod # and they will help nice people to do business with, very prompt. our product fit as new. would order again with them.
It looks like stainless steel to me! I like it! http://sherryleonard.com
This machine does not have a drying cycle. That didn't bother me because I haven't used one most of the time for years (to save energy). What I do is time my load (whenever possible) so that I am around when the cycle ends. Then I turn it off, open the door, pull out the top rack to keep the door partly open, and let the dishes air dry. If you do this shortly after the cycle ends, while everything is still hot, most dishes will dry well. You can also wipe of the tops of glasses and cups if they have pools of water.
have not had a problem with any of our dishes fitting, have a large assortment of plates, some wide and deep, others just tall, and all have fit. even our tim's mugs which are really tall and wide fit into 3 of the upper rows. Love this machine!
Go to front of dishwasher locate the code display button press and release the program button it will show 0. 1 or 2 press the 0 to disable the alarm
We replaced it with a Whirlpool which is working just fine. Our concern with a non-Bosch replacement was being able to reattach our wooden cover panel over it once it was installed. Whirlpool gave us additional clips and it went back on and looks great.
This unit has given us plenty of trouble. Not with heating unit but the pump.
If your just a but handy it is easy. Wheels on bottom make it easy to roll in and just about any needed plumbing adapter is included
Luanne, The expected life cycle is 8 to 10 years.
Dear Sir, Dishwashers have reset feature as a safety feature. I do not know of any that do not have this feature.
It may have improved since I purchased it but our dishwasher is terrible. I don't recommend any Ascenta.
I am not sure I understand your question. Could you give me more information?
Weight: 55.0 Shipping Depth: 21.0 Shipping Height: 33.5 Shipping Width: 19.3
Weight: 55.0 Shipping Depth: 21.0 Shipping Height: 33.5 Shipping Width: 19.3
No
I am not sure. I purchased for my brother as a birthday gift.
I cant seem to find them... I'm sure you could check the manufacturer website.
iit works good i love it
Yes they will stick to the sides, just not the front.
Hi Eduardo, If this is purchased thru Goedekers, we do not install at the time of delivery. Most customers choose to save the money and simply plug in the fridge and connect the waterline themselves. Melanie with Goedeker's
The ETA is approximately 2 1/2 weeks
$99.00
Dear J. Field, According to the staff at LG, stainless steel is not a magnetic alloy and typically will not work with magnets unless there is a ferrous layer behind the stainless steel giving it the appearance of being magnetic. They recommend their Titanium, Smooth Black and Smooth White finishes for magnets.
"Width: 35 3/4"" Width with Door Open 90 with Handle: 45"" Width with Door Open 90 without Handle: 40"" Depth with Handles: 37 1/8"" Depth without Handles: 34 5/8"" Depth without Door: 30 3/8"" Depth with Door Open: 49"" Height to Top of Case: 68 7/8"" Height to Top of Door Hinge: 70 1/4"" Door Edge Clearance with Handle: 4 5/8"" Door Edge Clearance without Handle: 2 1/4"""
These are new units but we can not waive shipping.
"Dear Wesley, Here is the full list of dimensions as provided by LG: Width: 35 3/4"" Width with Door Open 90 with Handle: 45"" Width with Door Open 90 without Handle: 40"" Depth with Handles: 37 1/8"" Depth without Handles: 34 5/8"" Depth without Door: 30 3/8"" Depth with Door Open: 49"" Height to Top of Case: 68 7/8"" Height to Top of Door Hinge: 70 1/4"" Door Edge Clearance with Handle: 4 5/8"" Door Edge Clearance without Handle: 2 1/4"" Installation Clearance Sides: 1/8"", Top 1"", Back 1"" If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 888-768-1710."
I would like to thank you for your interest in LG the models that has the door within door is LFX32945ST and LMX30995ST.
Suzanne, The Water Filter is#ADQ36006101 and the Air Filter#ADQ73214402
It is not stainless steel. It is what is called satina finish. It looks like it but is most definitely not. It comes with a manufacturer warranty. I haven't checked it out but i saw in the package it had warranty. I hope this could help.
hk up to any water line.
This whole unit is an icemaker. There is no freezer portion so yes, the on/off switch turns off the whole unit.
The ice is a half moon shape and ours is what I think you are calling white ice, a little white a little clear. I think the color of the ice has a lot more to do with water/air etc. in the ice than the ice maker itself. We have it in an office of about 55 people and it seems to do the trick.
"The ice is opaque or ""white"" as you put."
Ours came with 1 year. Really does pump out some ice. We have ours in the garage.
It does not require a drain.
No it doesn't
No, it does not need a drain but does require defrosting every month or so. Only had ours a mint now but have been very satisfied so far, quite running and maks ice fast .
Yes it will make and store it
I was told by my HVAC guy to replace this filter every 6 months.
1 filter
20x25x5
I ordered the Merv11 and it was the correct size and labeled Merv11 on the filter.
It is a Genuine Whirlpool part. And should fit most Whirlpool brands including Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air, Amana, Magic Chef, Admiral, Norge, Roper, and others. I'm 99% sure it will fit your MDBH955AWS. Great price and easy to install yourself.
I have the Maytag Quiet Series 100, and this was a perfect replacement for my dish washer.
Not sure. It worked well for my model MDB8750AWS.
it fit my Maytag MDB8600AWB
it fit mine
This link shows a parts view of that dishwasher - http://www.searspartsdirect.com/Maytag-Dishwasher-Parts/Model-MDBH965AWB/3048/0130000/1202407P/00001.html - the door latches look similar. We have a maytag at home and use this latch w success.
Yes,it will fit perfectly.
You can look the part for your dwasher by googling it. Then buy it on amazon as it will be the best price. My dwasher was a different model than yours but might be the same part.
I have a Maytag and this is a Whirlpool part and it fit. What I did, and would recommend doing is, open the door down. There should be a sticker along the side saying model number and serial number. Google the model number, door handle. You will find a list of sites that sell OEM parts, and it will tell you the part number. If the part numbers match then yes this will work. That's what I did and had it fixed in minutes after getting it. If you have any other questions, feel free to ask, as from ordering receiving and replacing I had mine up and running in two days.
yep, had electrical switches both sides. Mine was a direct replacement, easy install.
Jackie....If you go to www.searspartsdirect.com and put in your part number you will see that it has been superseded by W10130913. So the answer is yes. It is the same part as the original and it will be a perfect fit. Glad to be of service. Have a blessed day.
Not sure but my model, wfw8300sw02 whirlpool duet sport, was also not on the list of model numbers and it worked on it. I trusted the pix of the pump. It looked like mine and it worked.
I used that pump for my Whirlpool Duet that i bought on 2005. It is important to remember that the same part fits both Kenmore and Whirlpool.The Kenmore Part number is 8540024, the Whirlpool Part number is W10130913. Also pay attention to your original pump installation footprint - I saw different parts with different installation pads. New installed pump works perfectly well - we forgot about problem at all. Don't over tight hoses to the pump. Installation is easy and takes 10-20 minutes maximum.
The picture is actually upside down. The picture shows the mounting feet on the top while when installed in the machine the feet point down and are attached to the base of the washer. Another interesting aspect of the picture of a pump is that they managed to hide the attachment points of the two hoses. The inlet hose attaches to the back of the trap chamber on the left foreground of the picture. The trap keeps change and other debris from entering the pump. The pump itself is in the middle of the picture. The outlet extends at a 45 angle and cannot be seen becaust it is directly on the other side of the pump. The tan cap covers the motor and is normally on the right. Other than showing the pump rotated 180, the pump is in the correct orientation in the machine. You can open and empty the trap from the front without removing the pump. Removing the pump is tricky as you have to depress the black rubber padding on the feet in just the right way in order to remove the pump. Search YouTube for videos on how to do this. Be prepared for water! Since the pump is located at the bottom of the machine it cannot pump out all the water. Using a wet-vac to suck water out of the exaust tube gets rid of most of it.
Whirlpool W10130913 Water Pump for Washer was the recommended part (by several internet sites) to replace the original part in our Kenmore HE2 plus washer. It worked perfectly (identical to the original part) and was very easy to install. I hope this helps you.
Emile D., Sorry for the delay in my response I just opened your email. The pump casing should not have any water in it. You may have a leaking seal in the pump itself or you may have a leaking seal in washing tub/drum that leaks water on to the pump. Either way the entire area in which this pump is located should be dry. Perhaps the pump can dried out. It might work if it is not shorted out. Fix the leak first. If there is water in the casing, the cause of the water must be remedies before you put in any new pump. Visually inspect the seals and repair or replace as necessary.
I would definitely cross reference the model # of your washing machine. They look really similar. The ps1960402 could just be a old model # of the pump. I have a whirlpool duet sport ht model #wfw8400tw00 and the w10130913 was a perfect replacement pump.
To the degree that you are pumping out warm water, it may be warm. But if it's actually too hot to touch, something is wrong. It's working too hard.
The motor and pump are a unit and replaced together. Make sure you watch the video on changing it as it helps a lot. You don't need to remove the screws under the pump unit, just lift up the rubber retaining flap and pop it out. Should only take about half an hour to change.
Yes it will work. Once you install your pump don't run your washer through diagnostics. Just run your washer in one of the wash cycles before putting any clothes in it.
I dont know! Haha i just searched the model number on my dryer switch into google and this came up... I recommend doing that
I am not sure what I did was call Whirlpool or Kenmore and they gave me the part number. I typed in that part number on Amazon and that showed me the timer that I needed. Unfortunately mine was not the one for my dryer but I installed it anyway and the only thing I had to find out is what drying times ran the longest. But dryer is working great. Sorry I couldnt give you a shorter and more accurate answer.
You will have to contact whirlpool and ask them what timers can be used for that model. Sometimes a model xan use several.
yes
I don't think this timer will be the one you need for that dryer. Search for part #3976580 and I believe that will be the timer for you.
Yes, I have the same Model. This timer is an exact match to the original.
Yes it is. All the dryers are pretty much the same inside. If you're not sure take it apart and look at the part number. It was a correct fit for my admiral. I hope it helps.
we looked up the dryer we have by the model number and that is the timer that came up.i believe we looked it up through the website for the dryer then found it very reasonable with amazon. I by most all parts through amazon. does this timer look like the one that is currently on your dryer if so it would most likely fit
Yes, everything you need.
If I remember correctly, I had the same issue. I used the existing ones, by removing the new ones from the assembly and attaching the rest to the old electrical plugs. Good luck.
Unfortunately, I don't know. I used it on a Performa, and it worked great. Sorry
This is not the part number for your machine. According to the web your part number is W10275768. At Sears web it would be 99002580. Beware there are different colors out there. My was white. Good luck.
according to http://www.appliancepartspros.com/01-control-panel-parts-for-maytag-mdbtt60aww.html, it will fit your model MDBTT60AWW, and it is white.
You do need a special screwdriver. I found great directions on Utube.
Yes
Looks like black is available from 3rd party sellers on Amazon. The manufacturer's part number for black is W10130695
It should. Bought for my old Maytag, worked fine.
Sorry I don't know. Do a online parts search on your model #. Thats what I did and then look at reviews.
No
Yes and here's a link to confirm. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/parts-for-model-kenmore-10656936600-p2.html. Was very simple to replace on my Whirlpool and I suspect it will be easy on yours.
No they do not come with a shut off arm, I believe I used the arm that I previously had in the fridge
Hi. According cross reference parts list Yes it will fit. THX
The W10122507 changes to part number W10190965. They are both the same
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00N4YJJYC Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
easy to install and so far has worked great
My husband is pretty sure it came with the wiring harness. We have a Whirlpool so it was totally compatible.
Yes it worked great for mine. I watched a you tube how to video and my husband and I did it It fixed the error codes and noise the washer use to make.
I had to use the internet to research the model number and cross reference to other manufactures to determine if it would be comparable. I also called the manufacturer to confirm before ordering.
Sears Parts Direct lists this part number as the correct one for the Whirlpool WTW6400SW1 washer. See: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-number/Whirlpool-Parts/Washer-Parts/8564009/0026/110/Model-WTW6400SW1/1198/0153200?keySuffixId=&pathTaken=partSearch&pathRender=modelComponent&documentCompId=W0702071&diagramPageId=00001&productTypeId=&searchModelNumber=WTW6400SW1&subCompDesc=Top%20and%20cabinet%20parts&brandDesc=WHIRLPOOL&modelDesc=RESIDENTIAL WASHER&blt=11&shdMod=WTW6400SW1&keyId=10
This is the part # we used for this model and had no problems, works great
My husband replaced the suspension kit in my washer and this problem stopped. My washer wasn't very old and it had been a problem from the beginning.
yes it will
Brandy. If you didnt check the model number before put your purshase order, probably those parts will not do nothing for you. Those parts works with models: MTW6300TQ0, MTW6400TQ0, MTW6600TB0, WTW6200SW2, WTW6200SW3, WTW6200SW0. You can watch the model number on specs chart located inside the washer on rear side. If you open the main tap you watch the specs chart under it.
"The part is correct, you can verify it at the Sears Parts Direct Site, ""http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Kenmore-elite-Parts/Washer-Parts/Model-11027092603/0583/0153200/K0702024/00001"" The the original part number is 8564009 which has been replaced by the Whirlpool W10189077 suspension kit which makes it the current replacement part for your washer. If you cannot cut and paste the link, then go to ""www.searspartsdirect.com"" and enter your Model number in the search box, then go to the ""Top and Cabinet"" diagram, the suspension is item #10. After verifying the part, then I would go and find the best overall deal, (part + S/H + Tax). It does take a little work to get the old parts out, and the new parts in. Also in my washer, the ""new"" suspension part was a little different (well, more like improved). I'm not sure about your Kenmore Washer, but I installed a new ""improved"" wash plate in my Whirlpool, and it seems to help reduce some of the twisting of clothing (the new impeller has three tall/long and three small ""blades"" and they are all narrow, the old impeller had three large/wide raised areas). Bottom line, my washer is as good as new, no more banging and ""OL"" codes. It was well worth the effort to save the big bucks of having someone come out... I used Google to find a service manual for my washer, it had some better info on how to open the washer, there were some self-help videos on Youtube as well. Best of luck!!!"
The only way to be sure is find the part number(s) for your Kenmore and compare. Your owner's manual may have a parts list or you can search online. I found my part list pretty easily through an online search. Good luck.
It looks like it's listed in the description so it should.
Hi :) I know Amazon goes to great lengths to make sure we are satisfied with the seller and shipping speed and condition of what we order upon delivery. If your part is defective you'll need to contact the seller, and I'm sure that you'll need to ship it back to them.
I would order the exact part number only to be sure, these are hard to cross reference.
For what it's worth, it fit onto my SW2. I'm not sure how similar the models are. There should be component diagrams available on whirlpool's website that can help.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygQs8Ktz3BE
The factory replacement part is 8540772 which the W10253483 is a substitute for, so yes this will fit your model.
The latch is easy to take out, there are youtube videos, if the latch part numbers match, which mine did, it was a perfect fit.
Yeah it is the correct part
I could not find a part number w10254338. Are you sure you have the number correct?
I had the same problem, and I installed this same part and it work on my washer just fone
yes, it should.
my ad reads 20.00 plus 4.99 shipping its under Hurb
yes i do
Yes it fit perfectly! And so cheap! Thank you
It worked for me
No instructions come with it. Google/Bing instructions on you tube. Excellent video there that will guide you through. If you need, I can find the link for you!! Super easy process!! Good Luck!!
I didn't notice that when I bought it but went with which models of Whirlpool that it fit. The part number itself is just a stocking thing on their side but you want to make sure it fits the model you have. Worked great for us!
Yes
You need par numbe W10381562
Yes
I wouldn't know the answer to that. I'm not a repair man. I just fixed my own washing machine with the help of a YouTube video.
Alex, I don't remember the other models it was compatible with...but their were several others.
Yes! I used the one that was previously on my washer. The package only comes with bellow. Hope that helps :)
Because when they have you by the short hairs, they pull hard.....
It fit in mine, but it keep being the same: Plastic with glass witch is garbage, sooner or later will brake. They just make it like this to make us buy more; American style.
yes
Hello, I am not sure if it works. What I did was called the 1-800 for whirlpool parts when I searched for my part they were able to tell me if the one I ordered through Amazon would work for my model. Good luck
Not sure I went on line with my model number and this part came up
"24"" wide by 15 7/8"" deep"
if you have an old rack the best thing to do is measure the old one. the rack I bought was 16 x 24 inches. there was no depth to it, just an oven rack. Amazon is good about returns if it doesn't fit. good luck
16 by 24
I don't know. I found the number on my oven and then found a rack that would fit. You should be able to find a rack by the identifying numbers on your oven.
I don't know - I have the Whirlpool stove it fits in. If you order and it doesn't I'm sure you could return it.
It was only one rack. Perfect fit for my oven and great service from Amazon.
"24"" wide x 15 7/8"" deep"
This shelf does hold the snack bin. You buy each piece separately.
not sure my model # ed5pvexws05 you can always call whirlpool and ask if the product is compatible. I love it works perfectly, I couldn't find the exact model either, and I did call whirlpool. Hope this helps.
Yes
No
Yes
"The shelf is 17.5"" wide and 17.25"" deep"
Product Dimensions 22 x 22 x 3.5 inches Technical Details Part Number W10276341 Item Weight 2 pounds Product Dimensions 22 x 22 x 3.5 inches Item model number W10276341 Item Package Quantity 1
I wish I knew and the company would reimburse. This is outragious the cost to replace these shelves! And too boot when the upper one fell it broke 2 below it. The fridge works fine but all my shelves now are wrapped in clear tape to keep them together and we have to be carefuld how much weight you put on them. I'm sure Whirlpool won't be replacing any of them at NO Cost?
yes
Mine was white white when it arrived.....I think the grey tinge to the picture on the website is a trick of the light.
Initially I called GE parts and made sure that the gas range and replacement part were the right fit. I then went to Amazon with the replacement part number and received a much cheaper price. I suggest you do the same. The grill from Amazon works fine and looks like original issue.
I'm not familiar with that specific range but it looks like its in the same model family as my range. It will fit on top of the existing grill but it will not replace the grill. I returned this item as its basically a pan without a handle and I wanted a griddle that would sit in place of the grill over my 5th burner.
I think so
It has the non stick surface. I purchased this a year ago to replace the non stick griddle on my stove.
Yes it is. In fact it's their part#. Our stove came with it. Our daughter's did not. We bought this item off Amazon and had it shipped to her. It's an exact duplicate of ours! Matched perfectly. Go ahead and buy it, you won't be disappointed!
We have never had an issue with sticking. A friend used spray Pam on it one time and caused all sorts of problems. A film residue. We cook with no spray or anything and never have an issue. Our daughter has the same stove and never an issue for her either. Maybe you got one with a bad finish. We use medium heat to cook cakes. Clean up is simple warm soapy water.
looks like the correct one!
I do not think this griddle can be used on this stove. I looked up the stove and it looks very different from my stove.
It replaces the center grill. I really like it and it works. I do not know all the models but my 5 burner GE gas stove was one. Worth every penny.
If you mean, is there a a regular stove burn grate to use in place of the griddle, then yes I have one for my GE grill. We use this rather than the griddle. We have rarely used the griddle insert. Look up replacement parts for your particular stove.
According to Whirlpool, this control board will work with WTW6600SW2: http://whirlpoolcabriof1error.wordpress.com/2012/10/02/control-board-w10189966/ Installation in our WTW6200SW2 was simple, it solved the F1 error and has been working flawlessly about a year.
Yes it will.That is the same model I have and It works great!!
Not sure, as my last 3 digits for my washer is SW0, the part is still functioning for my washer since I installed it.
I can't answer this, but I searched the web to find the correct one for my washer and I think Amazon had a capatibility review as well.
None, it was a used part from someone trying to DIY
I am not sure. Check the part number on yours.
Worked on mine
No
Yes
I think so, but YouTube should be able to verify. See installation videos.
The part I received was black
Mine fit right on, I just did a comparison with the broken one just to make sure it was the correct part, came in a week got install and no issues, if you did your search and is asking for that part # you will be fine.
Part i got is black my fridge is stainless
YES!! They will, When I bought my new stove 3 years ago, the same pan's fit my 25 year old. What you have make sure that the style is the same style you had. ( hole is on the side to fit into the outlet) The dimension are the same as the old ones.
This was the perfect fit for my Frigidaire.
The drip pans are universal. Your manual should give you a replacement part number, in which you then match with the universal pan. (the part number is the same?) It should fit.
Yes ma'am it sure does
Bridgette I am no expert nor am I a technician, I looked your model up on Repair Clinic, repairclinic.com and it shows this part number 316075104 for your bake element. You need to research that since most parts companies will not allow returns or refunds on electrical parts Debby Couture
it should it fit mine just right
I don't know. It fit my Tappan oven perfectly. The one I got looks like the image you have posted
Yes this will work
this element fits my stove perfectly. However the Frigidaire model that I have is FEF355DBC.
yes Perfect fit!
This part fits your model, It can be shipped today!
http://www.repairclinic.com/PartDetail/b2p13/Frigidaire-Range-Stove-Oven-Bake-Element/316075104/1465763?modelNumber=FEFB66ECH According to this yes!
From what I have found it is the same. It seems to be almost generic since it fits a lot of brands and models.
Yes. This is an infinite switch.
The best advice I can give is I took the broken switch off and plugged the numbers in and it gave me the correct part. There is usually a part number on the part itself. Hope this helps.
Checking other sites for a switch for your model the part number is 316436001 which is the same as this one. The one we got from Amazon works fine and cost less than at other sites.
I purchased the switch for Range 790.96002604, and it worked perfectly. I wouldn't be surprised if multiple ranges use the same switch, but I really do not know. Good luck with yours.
Thank you for your question, this item will not fit your model. The right item that fits your model is 316436000. Please let us know if you have any questions.
it fits find ,it is a little bigger and if it has the same connections as yous.
dont know
I am unsure. My griddle is ~1/8 or 1/4 inch too long so do your homework. I could not find the exact model of range I have so I am thinking that my poor fit is on me. I've used the griddle though and it works great even though it's not a perfect fit. I just am patient when cooking pancakes :-)
Yes it fit on my sister frigidaire stove and she love it.
I am not sure. I have the ffgf3019lb and it fits that perfectly! I can send you a picture if you would like. My cell phone number is 847-293-6355 just let me know Best of luck.
Yes
Yes
Yes
will this fit FGF348KS
Yes, I have the same gas range and it fits directly in the center on the 5th burner. It will not heat evenly. Another option is to move it to a left or right and use two burners at once to get temperatures right. It will fit the top no problem.
Cast Iron, good quality.
Very likely. I don't know the model number of the fridge that I installed this in (I sold that house a year ago) but if I remember correctly these are fairly universal across newer model Frigidaires. As long as you're replacing a triple solenoid water valve you should be fine. This guy lays it out pretty simply: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B35252T0Ss. Good luck to you. -J
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00J7DQMIK Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
YES, THIS FITS ON YOUR MODEL.
No. The part number you need is 240321801, which is also sold here on amazon. Just type that number into the amazon search box. In general, folks, to find a valve for your fridge first search for a parts diagram for your fridge. In this case an internet search on 'frs23kr4a parts' brought up some parts diagrams, and the part number is 240321801. Then take the part number and search for that. It will likely be directly available, or will cross reference to a valve that is.
Yes.
This water valve will fit on this refrigerator, per Sears website. If you are replacing the original water valve it is likely you will have to cut the hose ends as this valve utilizes push on connections not screw on. On my refrigerator there was not a lot of slack on the hoses so it was important for me to cut the hoses at the absolute maximum length.
"IF you have both ice maker and water dispenser in the door, with a filter system. this valve set is designed to feed through a filter that would be in the back right side of the refrigeration side, and then through two separate valves, one for each of the functions. And, if your old valve has ""nuts and ferrules"" on the plastic lines attaching to your old valve, you simply trim your lines right at the lines right behind the ferrules, and insert the lines into the holes in the new valve as directed."
I don't know, but u can check with pages source.com. or call sears parts.What is the problem with ur frig?
According to repairclinic.com, this is the correct valve for your refrigerator, yes.
John, yes and no . It works fine in cold temps (that isthe purpose, after all!) and no it does not need to be changed for summer. I've had mine in over a year, does the trick, easy install. Kb
It's just like the thermostat in your house. Your heat doesn't turn on in the summer does it? It senses the temp and goes from there.
I'm not sure we use it on a kenmore basic model. It works great! We have the fridge in the garage
Yes, working well for last two weeks after easy install.
It should be an easy fit. Five minute job. Check compatability.
If you have a top freezer model built after 2001 then yes. This is what I read when I bought mine. My model is
No
Yes works very we'll takes 4/5 day to see the difference
yes
"I think that all the answers cover the purpose in brief. Simply, if the external temperature in the garage or storage area drops below the setpoint that would normally turn on the fridge compressor, the fridge will not start and the temperature in the freezer portion can rise to the temperature of the external temperature, i.e., above the freezing point, and well above the recommended storage temperature of the freezer. The device is a little heater coil that imposes an artificially warmer temperature on the refrig temperature controller that ""fools"" it into thinking that it must turn on to preserve the cooling in both sections of the fridge"
Hi there Go to partsimple.com and it will give you the answer you are looking for.
Based on the model# provided you will need part# 316455410.
According to the parts list on searspartsdirect.com yes, thats the part number for your stove.
I did not have that error. I asked the internet and came up with several answers. Try this link http://www.shopyourway.com/questions/1018474
Take look online by entering the part number in the search box.
Id try an adhesive
You will need part number 316455430 for your gas range. At least that is what comes up when I search your model number.
You need the model number to the stove to find that out.I't located at the bottom part of the stove behind the pan drawer on the frame
No
Yes, based on the model number provided this is the correct oven control board.
I'm not sure. What I did to find the right part was to go to the Fridgidaire parts site, then using the model no. I had, locate the part, write down the part no. , then go to Amazon and look up that part no. Amazon will probably have a different part no. then Fridgidaire but thats alright. If Amazon does not have that part no. then you can look on the web for various appliance parts dealers to find the best price, but I'm pretty sure you will find the part on Amazon.
Yes
Yes it will fit, but it is easier if you have tow people to reomve and support the control panel while you swap the lever. You my need to shave the edges a bit (knife) There are videos on line to show how its done be sure to view those before you start. Thanks Terry
if it's thE ice water dipenser on outside of door it will work go on line and look for the picture that has your part to be replaved. there is also a video to show you how to change it .
Yes, this will work on your model
yes.This will work on your model
Yes, this part fits your model.
not 100% sure, but this actuator is typical for several models. You might want to contact the distributor.
Yes , this will work on your model
If your water dispenser is on the outside door I would say it is the right one.But you should do first is to look on the Internet for a video to repair it. That's how I found mine. You just need to put make and model. This is the best I can tell you
I do not recall, but it has performed better than the original equipment and is much quieter.
Not sure If it is oem, but it was EXACTLY like the ice maker in my freezer and it works great
Electrolux, which makes Frigidaire
I for ice will make ice. O will turn it off.
this ice maker is widely used with many frigidaire refrigerators.
My fridge is PHSC39EESS5. Not sure what the extra C in the model number stands for. The ice maker works but it is not an exact fit because the design has changed. I had to adjust the arm that shuts off the ice when the bin is full because it didn't stop making ice.
We have a GHSC39EJP, purchased 7/2008. Ice maker was a duplicate to the malfunctioning one we removed. Works great. Seems to make ice quicker than the original, too! You'll have to ask Frigidaire if this replacement unit fits your model.
hi - im not sure why you are asking me, because I am simply a customer -- so you must have sent the inquiry to the wrong location -- I can tell you that if you search for the icemaker you need on an appliance parts site, you will be able to get the product number you need and then match it to the ones sold on amazon for less -- I bought mine for an electrolux icon fridge. works great but the on/off switch does not line up exactly with the slot on the plastic trim -- worth the 50$ saved by buying this product -- hope this helps
The color of this unit is black and images are only used as reference.
The dba is 55 for this dishwasher.
"Here are the dimensions...Height: 33.88"" Width: 23.88"" Depth: 24.5"" Thank you"
Yes, but there is only four people in my family, so I have never filled every slot.
Yes, I am bought this on Amazon and I am very happy with its performance. I think it is a good buy. The delivery company was very good about keeping in contact about delivery, but when the truck arrived, the worker refused to bring it into the house. So you might want to print out the statement about the deliveryman being required to bring it into the room where you want it, and removing packing materials.
Dear Trista, This model does have a spray arm up top and once on the bottom. Thank You
"Using the normal setting with ""sanirinse"" pre-rinse activated, it takes about 2.5 hours."
I replaced a Bosch with this dishwasher, and can attest that this is much more well designed and build than the Bosch. My daughter has a GE, and its not very good. Beware that you get what you pay for, we have a less expensive model in our other house, and the difference is significant.
You really can't tell and the cycle takes several hours. In our case the dishwasher never dried the dishes and we had constant water remaking in bottom after each cycle. We now have a new dishwasher --not a Whirlpool! Good luck!
Yes. There is one small wire filter that needs to be flushed. Once we rinse before placing items in the DW there has never been anything I'm the screen.
Yes it does.
watch these videos on you tube. { paw paw's diy channel crosley dryer is dead-by dan Webster. } { la-1053 dryer thermostat kit- by appliance part experts } and the very best one is { thermal fuse preforma dryer by theapplianceman } Yes it will work but don't take my word for it until you watch these videos.
The large dimensions are for the package. The actual fuse is about 1 inch in diameter.
If you mean the see white ceramic thermal fuse, no. But some kits that have all the thermal fuse does have it.
Yes mine melted when it fell fell into the washer
I have a kitchenaid dish washer and it was the same as the original part. Should not be a problem because Whirpool makes all of the stopper, regardless of brand.
No
It has been awhile since I ordered. i was not quite sure if it would work but I thought they had a grid you could use to measure to see if it was close. that worked for me.
I am not familar with the machine that has this number. But Whirlpool supplies about 90% plus for disk washers. If the unit in question is a major brand it most likely will fit.
Likely Not However you need to search for Whirlpool part number W10524919 - this was obtained from the Whirlpool.com parts list for your model. They seem to be widely available. Hope it works out!
It should fit. Whirlpool makes about 90% of the plugs. That for all makes and models. Regardless of the name on the machine it's most likely a Whirlpool pug.
Probably not . This part has too small of diameter to fitany models
NO...that part is too small.
My dishwasher is a different model number and I ordered this part even though it was for a different model and it worked very well. I feel like this an interchangeable part (one size fits all). Look at the part and if there is no major difference from your old one, I would say it would be fine to order as a replacement. Part color may differ from yours but is completely ok. It is inside the washer, not subject to scrutiny by others..lol
If the part numbers are the same they should be identical. This model used by many manufacturers. The only mod I had to make on my Whirlpool was in the water inlet guide. I had to reuse the old water spout guide as it come in from the back, not the side. Also you have to reuse the wire harness....both easy to accomplish
I would suggest finding the parts list for your fridge on sears or whirlpool web site. From there, you can find the current whirlpool part number and then search amazon for that part number. Good luck
You need to go to appliance parts pros.com, or appliance help.com, and get a part number, then compare. If the part number is the same it will be the same part. If not, don't try it. Good luck.
From searching the web, it appears to be compatible with no modifications. If you send me the model number of your fridge, I can should be able to confirm.
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DRIBHGI Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
This is a Whirlpool part
No
I ended up changing out the valve also later
not sure of size I just ordered by part number this was a sutiable substitute for my Jenn air fridge. Installed with no problems and has been working for years. note it dose not have the nonstick coating on ice tray so it is a little noisy when the ice is being pushed from the tray.
Yes
Yes... this water drain pump will fit Kenmore Elite HE3t Model #110.44932200.... I had installed one on my HE3t washing machine.
I bought one for my kenmore he3. Looking at the parts catalog for your model number i would say yes
Yes it worked great.
Yes
Yes,. This will work on your model
yes, This will fit your model
Yes
Yes it will
Yes, It's the same one I used to replace into my washer. It was a very easy install as well.
No you don't have to reset it. It works same as a refrigerator.
a half shelf and one basket
To the back.
MIdea Electric makes it and it is worth the price
No
It gets very cold but not sure about -30
I haven't experienced that problem.. mines been fine!
No it is not
No, there is Frost In it. It even came with an ice scraper
"The interior dimensions are 28"" deep,24 ""wide,14 1/2 "" front to back,yes there is a hump on the bottom right under the food basket.I love it,I have it on the lowest setting and my ice cream is frozen solid,which is the test of a good freezer."
Nope. The whole cycle is pretty quiet.
Paul, Thank you for your interest in Goedekers. This model has an impeller not an agitator.
About 60 inches (5ft).
No but you can add a rinse cycle
Yes it will work without an external internet. You do need a z-wave master controller of some sort to control it within tour home I.e. micasaverde.
This Honeywell touch screen thermostat will do all functions of heating, cooling, fan, etc. and you can enter an energy savings program very easily all without being connected to a Z-Wave network. All functions and programming are easy to access with the touch screen. When you get your Z-Wave network up and running it will be even easier to override or change any function/program.
Very well
Owners Manual: https://customer.honeywell.com/resources/Techlit/TechLitDocuments/69-0000s/69-2485EFS.pdf p. 14. There is a Celsius setting.
Must be a typo its about a inch thick And it works great!
This should work with any zwave system since they all use the same protocol
Yes you can prevent others from tampering with it. You can set a high and low. However, it will not automatically switch from hear to cool or from cool to heat on the thermo itself. You can program scenes if you use it with zwave software to switch back and forth which is what I do.
Do you have the common wired?
no.
Yes
Yes it is self cleaning. Has all the bells and whistles!
"There is a knob labeled ""lower oven"""
The 5 year extended warranty is $199 and includes full parts and labor for five years and includes ten years parts coverage on the electronic ignition system.
No it does not.
I'm not sure what you are asking. What is lp?
After six years of daily use, I think I have not scratched it.
It heats to 450 so you should be able to bake but personally I have not tried it
yes you can set it to a different temperature. I think it just broils though ... used it for Thanksgiving to keep rolls warm.
I have this unit and my knobs are in the front of the stove above the oven door. They have not melted or even been warm to the touch. I believe they are stainless knobs.
Duel fuel MEANS gas (cooktop) and electric (oven). Convection is an oven setting that engages a fan to speed up baking.
"Width (Door Open 90 with Handle): 32 3/8"" Depth with Handles: 33 3/8"" Depth without Handles: 31 3/4"" Depth without Door: 28 1/4"" Depth (Total with Door Open): 59"" Height to Top of Hinge: 67 7/8"" Height to Top of Case: 67 1/4"" Door Edge Clearance with Handle: 4"" Door Edge Clearance without Handle: 1 3/4"""
No. I would say not at all, based on a quick check with my tape measure. Sorry.
It's not. It measures 43.5 with the door open 90 degrees. I just checked!
"You probably did not read my feedback. I never received the thing, because the on-line Merchant had lied about it having been shipped. My advice is that if you are buying something from a ""Amazon marketplace"" from NYC, Miami, NJ assume that they are lying. You will have bad experience (usually out of stock). The West coast people are better since they actually receive most of the stuff from Pacific where things are usually manufactured, and they have not lost all their honesty. Even Midwest and Southwest, including Texas are largely honest. This is result of a clustering problem I ran, and data does not lie. Of course there are always exceptions."
"Cindy, the two widths that LG provides are Case Width: 29 7/8"" and Width (Door Open 90 with Handle): 32 3/8""."
Debbie, LG recommends that you leave 1/8 inch on each side of the unit as well as 1 inch above and 1 inch behind the refrigerator.
excellent!
I just bought one for cloth dipers and it can wash about 6 diapers at a time.. we use flats and pockets. it does a great job for us. I would recomend wringing them out between rinses. I do a 5 min pre-rinse, 15 min wash and 2-3 6 min rinse cycles. workslike a charm.
Yes! I believe so! Being single and on a tight budget this has come in very handy! My apartment has my water and electric included in the rent so I purchased this washer and a spinner as well. I don't have to lug my laundry to the laundry room, hope I have enough money to wash and dry, nor do I have to worry about any of my clothes being stolen. The only small flaw that I have found this to have is that if you have thick plush towels the size of beach towels, it will not work correctly as the weight of the towel is too heavy for this, even if you just wash one at a time. I only have two such towels that I use when I go to the pool and all my other towels are the standard size and those I can wash two at a time. when it is time to wash my comforters which right now I am not using until winter time I will have to go to the laundry mat to wash those. But back to the plush towels, I just wash those by had in the kitchen sink and rinse them then I put them in the spinner and they will come out almost dry. I have gotten my monies worth on this product as I wash every week and I even wash my queen size bed sheets, flat and fitted in this washer, one at a time, of course of it beats them getting stolen from the washer in the laundry mat and having to buy new ones! I have also bought a grey colored hose from home depot to use to fill the washer faster with water because the hose it comes with is too small and it takes forever. I have only spent $6.00 for the hose and I have used both powder and also liquid detergent in this washer. If you like powder, fill washer first then add the powder and stir so the powder can dissolve, then add the close. It's just a little extra work but I would do it than spend $10 a week and having to sit there and wait for the clothes to wash, this way while I wash, I can do other house work or watch tv because once I don't hear the timer anymore then I know it stopped. I hope this helps! :) One more thing, if you can find a small table to sit it on, I have a small table that is lower than the sink but so this way when it's time to let the water out I just unhook the attached hose into the tub and let it drain. I don't even squeeze the excess water out of the clothes because you don't have to use more than a tablespoon of detergent. I just put clean water and set the timer to 15 minutes and let it rinse, then I let the water out again, take the clothes out and put it in the spinner and set that timer to two minutes and my clothes is clean and almost dry. I hang them to dry on hangers on this clothes rack and 30 minutes later, my clothes is dry. The thickness of the clothes depends on the time. I also set the clothes near the A/C vent so it dries quicker.
It has a drain when the drain hose is unhooked & lowered. If its on a hard or firm surface & not over filled it should'nt spill.
I've washed a set of twin sheets + a towel, but a queen blanket would probably be too much.
I have had my Panda for 2 months now, and it continues to work very well. I am hoping that it continues to work well, I use it at least 3 times a week, and do an average of two loads each time. So far, I have not had any adverse problems with it.
This is a washer; not a spinner. A separate spinner is needed to wring clothes.
It has been over two years that I have mine; in regular once per week use. The original hose is still intact and in use (many complain it breaks; not mine). Have had no complaints so far.
Hi Not really This washer is for small wash like baby cloth and it is small
The unit agitates the clothes during washing by spinning one direction, pausing, then spinning the opposite direction. The time is set with a manual timer. It does not spin to remove water. Normally I put clothes in and let them soak; then agitate approx. 10 min.; soak; agitate around 10 min. Then drain, remove clothes and wring out, replace clothes to rinse, and duplicate timing. I rinse twice. Watch that you don't use too much detergent - it doesn't take much. With too much, you'll have to rinse more times. With the first few loads, I have to rinse 5 or more times to get all the detergent out. I I'd like to find a small roller wringer (like old washing machines) to go with this unit.
It has a hose that hooks to the faucet on your kitchen sink. It just slips onto it. If it doesn't fit your sink (it fits most sinks), then you could simply pour half gallon pitchers of water into it till you get it about 3/4 full. Put clothes in first and then fill it. When the wash cycle is over, place the drain house in the sink and let it drain and then refill it for the rinse cycle. Six minutes seems to get our clothes really clean. Then 3 minutes for the rinse cycle. Less time because you have less clothing in it than with a full size washer. Overfilling the machine with too many clothes makes agitation (movement of machine to clean) impossible. Overfilling with water will cause some water to leak out the drain hose which is hooked in an upward position during wash and rinse cycles to keep it from prematurely draining. Machine fits pretty easily on the counter next to sink. You need only a small amount of laundry soap for each wash. It does not spin dry the clothes. You will need to wring them out or buy a small spin dryer. You could also place the machine on a table or counter and put a bucket under it for when you need to drain it. You could fill it via a garden hose. It seems to work well with cold or warm water.
Yes. Conversion kit comes with it.
it has electronic ignition that needs hookup but it can be lit in emergencies by match
I believe it can. The clamps that tighten to the counter are underneath and there is sufficient adjustment for a thick countertop
"*Cutout Width : 22"" *Cutout Depth : 18 5/8"""
"Using a metal tape on space between rack support. 28.5 "" wide 16"" deep and 14"" opening. I am still happy with range. good burners and the oven holds temps evenly"
Wok ring, no griddle.
I've looked everywhere and cannot find 'NSS' anywhere So I can't answer the question. But I can tell you that after searching for months and then using this range for a year now WE LOVE IT!
That is a vent. And mine came with two different options, mine is lower.. I will see if I can get a picture to attach.
The oven is electric.
According to Verona appliances the models available are: VEFSGE365NSS - Stainless Steel VEFSGE365NE - Black VEFSGE365NBU - Burgundy VEFSGE365NAW - Antique White VEFSGE365NW - White I think that the model is VERSEGE365NSS and it is just a typo. You can find out more information at the manufacture web site at http://veronaappliances.com/
No
I am not sure. But you cannot fit a commercial sheet pan inside because it is not deep enough. It is wide enough though. I have been very happy witj mine and I bake and cook a lot.
No it is not, but easy to take parts out and clean
Mine didn't either it definitely was a concern. So far no problems & I love it
No, in fact the stainless top clean up easily and beautifully with little effort.
Electric, top oven is gas
Yes. Handy for casseroles, pies, etc or use as warming drawer.
Yes. I do like the oven. I have to adjust temperature by a few degrees to get the right inside temp (by using an oven thermometer), but otherwise love the oven.
If it is dual fuel you will need a 220 electrical line and a natural gas line... no 110 needed if you need the 220.
12 months. If an extended warranty is offered take it. We bought ours and it had to sit for 4 months while construction was wrapped up. 13 months after buying it the electrical panel went out. GE waived the parts but repairs still cost about $400.
"Great idea! I downloaded the decibel meter App, and with the fan running it read an average of 62Db = ""normal conversation"" (vs. 42Db = ""average household room"") . So, its like having a 2 strangers come to your kitchen and have a conversation overtop of you all the time the fan is running..."
There's a fan that blows hot air out from behind the center burner when the oven is on. The fan is only on when the oven is on. So yeah, seems like you're going to have the same problem.
BLACK
It comes with the nozzles. My installer changed them out in about 15 minutes.
Do not use cleanser or steel wool or harsh cleaning compounds. Use stainless steel spray sold in most hardware and grocery stores.
Actually I've only had it now for a month. I installed it myself - fairly easy and it came with everything I needed including a new regulator. As some reviewers noted, the grate does sit a bit high, but the flame is much hotter than my old standard GE cooktop, and the center 3-ring burner gets really hot - works well on my wok. The griddle is a nice touch and works as expected (the specialized burner control is handy), but it's a bit of a storage challenge. It's a good thing we have lots of storage in our kitchen. So far, so good.
It comes with it. I am really happy with the whole purchase so far. It is very nice looking and works great.
http://products.geappliances.com/ApplProducts/Dispatcher?REQUEST=SpecPage&Sku=CGP650SETSS This link to the spec page for the cooktop might help
The knobs are metal with a plastic insert on the bottom to let the lights glow through.
The grates are pretty thick and very heavy. I have found that I have to use a higher flame on this cooktop than I used on my old one. But my old cooktop was very, very old. Takes a little longer to start heating, boiling, etc. but overall it cooks wonderfully.
I'm pretty sure it's standard 36'. If you call company they'll give you min and max deminsions. I do want to tell you it scratches SUPER easily. I love the way it cooks but gotta be careful with grates scratching the steel.
yes but you have to convert it with the other jets provided and take the spring out of the regulator valve
I got my cooktop 2 months ago and I love it. Stainless steel is very easy to clean. I normally just wipe it with a damp kitchen towel or sponge. If you get burnt on food just soak the spot with water for about 30 seconds and wipe clean and it looks brand new. This stove is great!!!!!!!
Yes it does come with the Cafe model...the griddle is not attached and is very handy to use...we keep it on the grill all the time...I don't know if they send curing directions with the stove but you should cure it with olive oil...put olive oil all over it and turn the griddle on low heat as possible and keep it on for at least two hours...you only have to do this the first time-before you use the griddle...don't let the oil get too hot...just enough to cure it...the griddle is solid cast iron...use the same curing method for all new cast iron pans. Hope this helps...it's a great sstove. David
Yes, comes with a kit for LP
It is a little cramped, and learned real quick to use pot holders with the heat moving up the sides. Didn't need to use pot holders with electric tops.
Alaa -- It sounds like the opening is larger than that called for in the installation instructions. I installed mine and did not have that issue. Since your countertop is granite, there is little you can do now, except maybe fill those corners with something that is close to the color of the granite. Regards, Russ Walden
Plastic
No, mine sit evenly on the grates.
It's worked good. Thanks! All BTU are burns good . the distances in inches center to center between burners is just one or two second.
Production changes at GE in March of 2013 on the Cafe series appliances included the new dark gray/black logo, replacing the red logo. I would think that all of the red logo Cafe appliances would have long ago been sold, but it probably wouldn't hurt to contact the retailer to verify that you would be receiving new stock with the latest color logo. I haven 't seen any red logo Cafe appliances in quite some time at local stores. I have seen plenty of advertising with the old red logo displayed, but likely that would be the retailers continuing to use older advertising material.
Karen Thats a good one! My knob are sold metal with a plastic spacer under them. Came that way.
"The depth of the fridge without the doors is 29"""
Yes it does but it is inside and does not have an outside dispenser.
Dear Dona, To clean finger prints of the door you may purchase stainless steel cleaner or you may use microfiber cloth.
Yes
Yes , it does & I am very happy with mine!
James, Yes, an LP conversion kit is included with this model so you do not need to purchase one separately. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact us directly at 888-768-1710.
"Yes, the griddle is included. It's actually a cast iron product from the ""Lodge"" brand which is very high end in the world of cast iron. Nice product pairing with this GE unit."
I apologize but which model are you referring to when you say 350CPG? That is an invalid model number.
Ice maker is a pretty standard across wirlpool and kitchen-aid models - important save the original wiring harness as the harness that comes with any kit may be different than the one needed for your model. Perhaps not directly answering your question. but I threw out the old ice maker before the new arrived and had to then order another wiring harness. Doh!
Yes
I'm not sure of the model number, but the people at Whirlpool were a big help. I supplied the number of the item from Amazon, and Whirlpool verified it. After talking with them, I paid to have the kit I bought on Amazon installed by a certified Whirlpool technician. Works well.
We installed ours in an upright, side by side Kitchen Aid. We made numerous inquiries to the Kitchen Aid people. I suggest you call your manufacturer with your model information. We had the Whirlpool people come to the house and install it. The water in the door on refrigerators is wasteful. We're happy with what we've done. Good luck.
From the pictures at Sears, the ice maker for your refrigerator is different from the Whirlpool 1129313 ice maker.
I don't know...check your model number as I could not locate a parts diagram for that model number. Also try calling local appliance parts store to verify that this is correct part.
It fit in my Roper nearly plug and play. I just needed some screws removed. check the colors of the wires to choose the right model.
I purchased this ice maker for my 10 year old 18 cubic foot Whirlpool top freezer fridge. The description of the part says it will fit most all Whirlpool and Kenmore top or bottom freezer fridges so I took my chances since the price was so good. It fit and works perfect. Since this was an initial install and not a replacement part it did take a little effort to install it but I son-in-law put it in within a couple of hours and he was able to do it wit the instructions that came with it. I Googled my Whirlpool model number and looked for the part numbers that cross referenced the ice maker parts. Hope this is a help and good luck, I hope you have as much success as I had.
"Answer here...I'm not sure. The description says ""fits most all top and bottom whirlpool fridges"" and it worked perfectly in my 10 year old 18 cubic foot whirlpool. Hope that's a little help."
No idea
There should be some information in the users manual about the icemaker kit you re in need
These particular units are fairly universal and pretty easy to install. It should fit yours.
Need complete model number on your Kenmore refrigerator to answer this question.
No
I installed mine in a Ropet. They se pretty universal
If it's in the kit, replace it! I'd rather replace everything now than have something else fail down the road and have to replace something I should have replaced to begin with. Fairly easy to do just look how the original was setup and take your time.
This unit worked like a champ. No problems at all.
No it will not fit that model. If you are replacing an existing ice maker you would want part number AP2984633. There are several websites that will list replacement parts for your fridge (one being http://www.appliancepartspros.com/) You can then normally find that item cheaper on amazon.
No it will not. You need P/N: PS2341899.
Sorry, I have no way of knowing but the one I purchased is working great.
Check your owners manual. Check your side by side and see if this ice maker looks like the picture shown. This ice maker will fit several side by sides. A check point might be to check YouTube by entering kitchenaids ice makers. It was an easy installation.
I am no expert on this subject and is a KSRS27..... model. The ice maker itself is a very generic model that I had dealt with in an earlier refrigerator. It will probably work in your application, but no guarantees from me.
"I would verify with Whirlpool. I googled and there seems to be two Whirlpool parts 2198597. Your Gold model comes up without the ""A"" on the end---""Whirlpool 2198597 Ice Maker Assembly PS869316"" (part number). Amazon lists 2 different ones, so I would get the one without the A for $85.99 to be sure there is no differences!"
If you work. But it is not original. Like this achieved by the best price on here on Amazon. And it comes without cables. (the return policy of the company is lousy)
Hello, this part does not come with a wiring harness. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please let us know if you have any other questions! Thank you!
We have that same refrigerator, except in stainless steel, and we have installed this replacement ice maker with no issues. It was an easy replacement and has been working great.
14x13x13x7 (inches) 14 wide inside; 13 height inside; Lengths of shelves 13 depth top shelf; 7 depth bottom shelf. Measurements with measuring tape. Hope this helped.
that's subjective to size of items but I would have to say about half a much as the freezer section of the average 17' inch refrigerator /freezer. I would have to say it holds less than it would appear to hold.
This will not hold a pizza unless you package individual pieces.
It does an excellent job of freezing. Our son uses it in his dorm room and works perfectly.
I would almost guess that these are all the same key since it's unusual. Contact the manufacturer and ask them, if so, I'll send you one of mine cause I'll probably never lock this thing anyway. I don't live in a dorm so no one would ever try to rob mine.
The door gasket is about 1/4 inch thick. If you place your bottle diagonally across the bottom, you will have a bit more room...(I'm guessing)..
I wouldn't recommend you use this unit as a fridgerator. I doubt the unit can recover and hold the desired temp in frequent door open situations.
please click on the link for the interior http://ep.yimg.com/ca/I/yhst-10843381165166_2267_834512
now there's a question you don't get every day! Yes, it really stays cold. My mom has been using this freezer in Assisted Living for over a year w/no issues - she keeps ice cream in it.
18.5
I don't know what the ad says; however, according to my measurements, the freezer is 19.25 high (includes a plastic bracket cover), 17.75 deep, 18.5 wide.
This is such a lemon of a freezer! please don't waste your money!!!! It makes a loud noise so f you sleep on your boat, you'll be awakened with a loud roar. Better keep looking!
Yes, there is the capability to reverse the door openings.
The cord is around 4 feet long. And it is grounded.
18.5 x 17.8 x 19.5 inches ; 43 pounds. Works well.
Not looking at the 1.1 cubic feet dimension (inner) more so the Product Dimensions that are listed - 18.5 x 17.8 x 19.5 inches which I believe is the true outside dimensions. We don't have the product any longer (used temporary to freeze breast milk) as we sold it. Otherwise I'd measure it for you. Here's the info from the manufacturer's website - just copy/paste from the Amazon website and go to Google - Sunpentown UF-150SS Freezer Unit dimension 18.5W x 17.75D x 19.5H in Internal dimension 13.75W x 13.75D x 13.25H in
O degrees Farenheight I imagine it could go lower but I am not interested O is cold enough to freeze all my food. Suggest you ask manufacture.
No. It is 110V.
Only used it in US. Not sure about 220v. But imagine it would work more efficiently. I use it in my study to freeze back-packs to put on my back while working. Best of luck.
No. Unless you take each slice and wrap it in tinfoil
I just took it apart to look at those LED light housings. They are very easy to access. I loosened the four screws that hold down the glass cover, lifted it up a bit and could easily see the light housings. They are held in only with a clip, and by pushing down they come out easily. (You could probably just pry them out from underneath with a thin knife blade, working carefully so as not to scratch the surface.) The housing is connected with a plug to the 12V DC circuit that powers the LEDS. You can dismantle the housing by removing 4 small (PH-0) Philips head screws. That allows you to see the circular circuit board that holds 9 surface-mounted LEDs. The device is rated 12 Volts DC and less than 2 watts, meaning the current draw is less than 0.167 amps. Someone who knows the current market in LED surface mount devices could probably locate a circular board of similar size that contained some higher lumen output LEDs. (The technology on these is improving rapidly.) Or the manufacturer could get smart and get some themselves and offer us replacement plug-in units. But none of this helps you now. I was surprised how bright the 9 little bulbs were, and first thought maybe the diffuser was the problem in diminishing light output. But when I held the circuit board up in position without the diffuser and turned off the kitchen light, I could still see that the output was too slight. Anyway, although it doesn't immediately solve our problem of a low-lumen light, it was fun research. I took pictures, but can't figure out how they might be posted here.
Yes, it's quite possible. No need for ducts, but make sure you have the carbon filters. If the filters are not installed, all the exhaust will filter into your walls/ceilings which is not good. Installation is pretty easy, but you also need 2 people because it's heavy. Also, if you can use toggle bolts to secure the vent to the ceiling, much more secure than the items they give you. It's a nice looking vent, I would for sure recommend.
Try a stainless steel pad, very gently. I cut mine down and did not have that problem.
the hood range is designed to remove steam and odors from cooking. find a book at the library/google it on maximum distance from the stove top to the lower hood. If the hood range is too far a distance from the stove top than you have defeated the purpose of the product, the range hood is adjustable, I built a frame for the hood range since it weighs over 50# and used 8 screws to hold up the range. I did not use the screws that came with the range, JUNK. I used 3.5 inch deck screws with washers, total 8, drilled my own holes for the mounting plate. the most difficult task is connecting the vent tube, since it is metric and not standard, will be challenging because it will not fit into the 6 inch vent, need to stretch the vent collar. Just remember the vent is adjustable for height. get a piece of string and tape to ceiling and cut to length of range height. from the bottom of the string measure the distance from your stove top, is it within proper ventilation height requirements from stove top to the bottom of the hood range. Most important will this pass a home inspection IF you sell your home one day. Use foil metal tape to secure the connections seams, available at Home depot.
Best I managed was 25 inches. Its not ideal, its right at eye level. If anyone was able to get it shorter, I'd be interested in hearing.
It is an island hood so you do need some space for it. You also need electricity, ducting and another person to help put it up. It's a great looking unit. The stainless scratches easily so you have to be very careful when installing it. The vent stack is adjustable so you have wiggle room on the height. Do follow the instructions carefully. They are very specific about how far above the range it must be so as to maximize the ventilation.
I'm not sure what the watts are but the led lights that came with it a very bright.
"I don't remember. It was pretty big though. I would say maybe 42"" X 32"" Depth was maybe 30 I think."
I think 6 inch was the standard size. The contractor went into the attic to brace it and used the existing duct work.
Nice to have the timer and clock display. We are using the ventless option on it so our install was minimal.
When the fan is off, keep touching the clock button for at least 3 seconds. The clock should start flashing. Then use the Fan button to set the hour and the Light button to set the minutes. Hit clock again and it should work. Note it only displays military time.
We have this attractive hood as well. I'm not sure of the shaft itself but the outside box that covers the shaft is an 12 incheby 12 inch. Our handyman tossed the bracket hardware and accordian type vent pipe. He felt both were lightweight and for few dollars did his own upgrade. It is very attractive once installed. We were left with a small ceiling hole and just used a crown molding type trim that matched our new cabinets to close it all in.
Don't really know the answer. The installers had to cut down the height of the hood but it still is over 25 inches.
Only difference is the clock display
I haven't had to do it yet but I pulled out the instructions that came with it. Wording is confusing but I followed instructions and then in mine is mounted over an island. I can see the wires and arrows referred to in instructions when I look from the back side of unit. I don't want to take it apart - but if you haven't looked from the back side that might help. If I could figure out how to insert a picture I woukd send that and a picture of the (confusing) manual page. If those might be helpful to you, I'd be happy to email them to you but I'm not sure how to get my email address to you without posting it here.
what beeper?
No. This hood cannot be wall mounted. It is meant to be mounted to hang from the ceiling.
No. It vents to a duct which is then vented outside.
My ceilings are 7 1/2 ft.. And it hangs 22'' from ceiling.. But I do have the stack venting out through the roof..
No. I dont think you can. It is not set up like that. In order for the unit to be ductless you would have to change and modify inside parts cap off the existing exhaust , replace filters, and cut out another vent right above the glass for air to recycle. Similar to the standard hoods. It can get very expensive to modify.
"My Joice are 18"" apart, the chimney outer dimensions are 12""x11"" I made opening of 9"" diameter in the ceiling that was enough to work and mount the bracket. The vent pipe is 6"" diameter. Here is the video that will help you determine how to mount the bracket. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr4VrAWKe3A."
The manufacturer does offer a filter for units that can not vent to the outside, the option should be available when you order.
"It's 12x13 on the sides and it has an adjustable height. Wear gloves when installing it... mine & my husbands hands were full of ""paper like"" cuts by the time we got it installed. lol"
Yes, in my case through the ceiling
Im sorry to give you bad news! But you can not change the military time on this specific range hood.
the glass is clear with a very light tint of green
clear
Come's with a stainless sleeve on top to adjust It may work
One of the issues I wrote about in my review. The lights are proprietary and not replaceable with any off the shelf parts. If one. Breaks or goes out you will have trouble, from my experience you will have a hard time reaching anyone who can help you.
I installed on a 12 foot ceiling and it worked perfect. I did built a cedar wood chase to screw the stainless steel chase from out side. It looks really nice.
It has to do with the heat distribution. The convection has a fan to circulate the heat for more even cooking. It's especially good for baked goods.
I think it heats fine. Even they smallest burner in the back will keep a large pot of sauce/liquid simmering on the lowest setting. The front burners are very strong, much hotter than any stove I have owned before. I use the middle burner for very large pots, or griddles. We have 3 kids, cook and bake everyday. I love this stove and would definitively buy it again. However, we had to adjust the burners when we bought it, because the flames were too low.
I don't know what you want to know about the griddle. I use the big center burner for canning or anything needing a large pan. Have used it as a griddle and love it.
The stove comes with a single griddle (which is a flat surface). I'd imagine that some people purchase 3rd party grills/skillets (with ridged surfaces).
We had installed a Samsung microwave with the hood SMH9207ST included knowing we were going to change the stove eventually. The microwave and stove really finishes out newly remodeled kitchen............
Yes, you just have to use a match or a lighter. However I would not purchase this range, our oven will not hold a consistent temperature, some days it is right on, the next day it is 50 degrees off. We have had repair folks out three times and they say nothing is wrong. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
you would be able to manually light the burners with a match/lighter, but the oven would not work, nor would the electric ignitor
I assume you mean a kit to convert from natural gas (the default) to LP gas. Yes, the range does comes with parts which are inside a metal box on the rear of the range and pretty thorough instructions on how to convert it.
Both ovens are gas. Only the bottom one has convection. The top one is much smaller and only bake and broil. Bottom one is much larger with all the features
Only the lower oven has rollers. I don't know if the top oven does broil but the bottom does.
This is THE ANSWER I got from GE. Hello - this is Nancy at GE and I am happy to help you. Yes, you can purchase an additional roller rack to use in this range. To purchase same, please contact the Parts Center at 1-877-650-2121 from 7am to midnight ET, seven days a week. I hope this helps! Thanks for checking with us!
I have the same oven. There is a way to adjust the temperature. You will need an oven thermometer. I put one in the oven and turned it on to 200, then checked the temperature. If correct, turn up to 350 then check. Keep raising temperature to check it at all degrees. In the manual, it tells you step by step how to adjust the temperature control behind the knob. Try that to see if what the knob is set to is actually the temperature inside the oven. It may need to be adjusted, hope this helps !
No it is not. The vents in the back are to vent the stoves. It is not down draft.
The range has a gas lockout feature. When enabled will lockout gas to all burners plus oven. Otherwise during a power outage burners will light with a match. Ovens will not. (Only if lockout is not enabled before pier outage).
If the fan to which you refer is the convection oven fan, the answer is no, it is not noisy. The unit appears to be well insulated from sound.
No. However if you don't have any kind of ventilation (recirculating or outside) if you cook smokey/smelly things your house will get smokey and smell. That is true of any range.
The burner output is great. To be honest, I do 90 % of my coming on the front right. This one has a range from fast boil to simmer with a small center burner. This is a stove you will enjoy.
you will have to lift up the shingles in order to insert the back of thescreen.I just installed several of these on my house. And I found that in some places it took a fair amount of effort to push screen in under the shingles.
It should fit, my gutters are simply the standard aluminum gutter available at home depot. The leafOut Micro Mesh Gutter Guard should fit. You can get a sample section of leafOut (small section about 12 inches long), think I got the sample from Amazon. The gutter guard is fantastic, I have maple trees and each spring the maple trees have little flying seedlings that fly everywhere, clogging the downspouts and germinating in the downspouts. A super clog that must be cleared with a pole.
6 inches wide 4 feet long
None that I've encountered.
We just have the sample and have not installed it yet but expect to get the Leafsout brand when we some help to install it or I decide to try it myself. It is aluminum and stainless steel and the mesh doesn't look like anything except water can get through it.
You should discuss this with your roofer to be certain, but it would be VERY surprising if it did.
Heating cable for this gutter LeafsOut protector probably would not be satisfactory unless the cable ran the full length of the gutter to downspout. Electrical energy consumed by the heating cable would be cost prohibitive.
I added gutter guards when I had a new roof put on 6 months ago. I don't have a good answer to your question. However, I didn't notice any particular difference this winter.
I've had mine for several years and they show no signs of rust. Seem to be made of quality material.
Have not heard of any, but they should
I've started to get a black mold in mine. Tide and clorox now make product that actually cleans your washing machine to get the mold and stink-smell out.
I don't know. Of all the issues I had with this machine this isn't one I remember having to deal with. I no longer have this washing machine, I replaced it in December after my last frustrating experience with the service issues I wrote about.
I always left mine open to air it out until it was completely dry, only because it gets a funny smell. If it's rusting, to me that's a sign of it's not drying completely. I don't have any idea how you can get that rust off. I will never buy a Whirlpool washer or dryer again. I now have the GE front loaders and I love them! The washer has a rubber seal and after I'm finished washing for the day I do dry it with a towel. I, also, dry the inside window, then leave the door cracked open to make sure everything on the inside dries completely. Sorry about your rust problem and hope you can remedy that.
Sounds like the pump is shot.
I just try to arrange the clothes around the perimeter of the washer as even as possible. Do not overfill or it could become unbalanced.
I've had some water on the floor but not enough to worry about it, yet. My husband found some good videos on You Tube that he found helpful in taking the washer apart and repairing it.
Sounds like either a failed MCU ( motor control unit) or a bad CCU (central control unit). Or wiring issue between the two. Probably need to call whirlpool for a repair man. Unless you are very handy. Check your user manual. Hope this helps.
We have the electric version of Whirlpool Cabrio, it works fine. I think my old Kenmore worked better in removing lint and hair, but this will do. No real dislikes.
We had that issue- there is a two stage motor and I bet the starter portion of motor is bad. Try to tape the door button and push start button and push the drum counter clock-wise.
yes..hardly even notice when the motor is running.
free standing appliances must have some space around them to prevent over heating,they vent out the back,some products say they are undercounter because they are under 34 inches tall. to make sure an appoliance can be housed in a area surrounded by cabinets make sure you can see the frontal exhaust vents-this model is made to exhaust hot air out the front,,(see the front grill vents) I have researched these for a week and I think im going to get this one
Shelves are shaped to hold wine bottles. I use mine for bottled beer and soda. I removed the bottom shelve so I can stand beer bottles upright on the bottom, and lay soda cans sidewise on the shelves. Works, but would also like flat shelves, if they are available. Haven't looked much, but if anyone else has found them would like to know.
I would call the company.
You cannot change any settings if the frig us locked. Hold the two buttons in until it beeps signaling it is unlocked, then push the light button. After you set settings as desired, then hold 2buttoms in until it beeps signaling it is locked again.
The door is not reversible. SPT is the manufacturer. We're not sure where it's made.
I purchased the cooler for a house we are renovating. We have not turned the cooler on so I cannot say how cold it will get.
The product broke down after the first week that I installed it...had to send it back....didn't want to replace it with the same product due to the hassle.
Unless you are are stocking it or have the door open for an extended period, the temperature will remain constant.
I do not know I went with the unit as it came
Plug it in and turn the dial to the correct time. Insert a green pin at the time you want the device to turn on, then a red pin at the time you want it to turn off.
no
Huh? This apparatus is used to turn things on and off so you don't have to manually do it yourself. I have my turtles basking light plugged into it so the light turns on in the morning and off at night without me ever having to touch it. Are you looking to mark a certain amount of time that has passed, or are you using it to turn things on and off? Did yours come with instructions? Here, you know what, this might help a bunch: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRzhGNOo1bY
Assuming you put it in the bottom outlet you still have space for a regular plug to be used on top.
"You have to turn the lamp on, but it won't be ""on"" until the timer completes the circuit (i.e. until it hits the on period that you want)"
It does subtly whir and tick as it keeps time, yes.
I'm going to say no to that. I mean, you COULD, but I wouldn't count on it lasting long (or being safe).
These timers have a geared one RPM/day motor so in reality bare timer power consumption can be ~ 0.1 Amp (100mA) negligible compared to the 15 Amp tolerance. Be careful not to use ANY timer in an enclosed location where you store gasoline, paints or other flammables. The contacts arc (spark) and that works like a spark plug to ignite (explode vapors). Use indoors (not sufficiently sealed) and in locations free of ignitable vapors. I hope I answered your question
May become a little noisy after several years of use.
"Yes. Simply insert one green ""trigger"" for on, and one red ""trigger"" for the off time. Keep the others for spares."
You can light them with a match providing the gas/control lockout feature was not on when you lost power.
Yes, but have your local gas supplier do it. The parts to convert it is even on the back side of the range in a steel box! We couldn't find it at first, but all the parts were there! We love our range! Works great!
the interior of the top oven is 6 inches from the bottom to the bottom of the broiler (which is mounted on the top of the top oven). The lower oven is 12.5 inches high in the interior. Both are 24 inches wide in the interior.
you can cook with and without convection as there are separate buttons on the controls. There is also no convection in the top oven.
No
Yes. Just get a voltage transformer
"Yes, the information sheet that came with this stated ""replacement for AP3953640, 8182821,8182819,8181684,28599,461970228511,Model M65, M75,461970228513,Askoll and more"". I installed it in my 110 42932 200 which called for 8181684. It is a direct replacement and there were no modifications needed."
That is the machine I have. This part has been working just fine since my husband replaced the old one.
Ours is model #11042924220 Kenmore Elite HE...and from what I have researched prior to purchasing this pump, it works for many Kenmore HE washers and is very common pump. It works like a champ now that it's installed...The old pump had all kinds of items in it pen caps, coins, lent etc hence the bad pump. Thanks!
No
Yes, this will work on that model
Hi. That is part number 280187
yes
If you post a pic of the pump, I should be able to tell.
When I bought this item a year ago, it came with both pieces. Left, being the filter/stopper and the right, being the actual pump. It took me all of 30 mins to install without ever setting foot inside, or opening a washer. My problem turned out being one of two computer boards going bad however. Hope this helps.
Yes and it is very easy to replace.
The unit has an alligator clip on each lead. This is a great little piece of test equipment. I was checking the caps in my old HP 1710A O-scope and it found three bad ones. When I unsoldered the cans from the circuit board I could see where the electrolite was pushing out of each one. I really like this thing. Highly recommend it.
While I'm not familiar with the failure modes of a capacitor, it measures the capacitance and equivalent series resistance (ESR) for any voltage level capacitor. I've replaced capacitors in spite of it's reading within factory specifications because I was concerned that the ESR 70 unit wasn't operating at the higher voltage level. The capacitor was not the problem and I should have trusted the unit.
The ESR70 and ESR70 Plus are the same instrument. Peak only has two ESR models, the older ESR60 and the newer ESR70 (Plus).
Yes it Does... I've used this several times now and I've found several weak, or leaking, or just plain BAD caps. So far one of my better purchases.
Non removable leads with alligator clips.
"In a word, yes. But if you're interested in the why/how, one may consider this: standard kitchen and bathroom faucets have a device located where the water exits, called an ""aerator"", which is usually comprised of a piece of steel screen, and a couple of metal or plastic components inside. This little gadget screws into the end of the faucet, precisely where you installed the adapter for the dishwasher. The purpose of this device is to intermix the exiting water with lots of air in order to increase the volume of the liquid by generating lots of little bubbles. This is why the water coming out of most faucets appears to be white and bubbly, instead of a steady, clear, stream like you would expect to see from the end of your garden hose. A faucet with an aerator produces a more controlled and gentle stream, and because the device mixes in lots of air, less water is needed in order to produce a steady and useful flow. In other words, aerators have the cumulative effect of drastically reducing both the volume of water and the exit speed of the water at the faucet. If you have noticed a difference in water pressure after installing the adapter for this dishwasher, I would venture to guess that you had one of these devices installed (99.9% of faucets do have one) and that you removed it in order to install the dishwasher adapter. So in summation, the good news is that if all my assumptions about your circumstance so far are correct, what you're experiencing is normal. The bad news (if it can be called bad?) is that you have to put up with a slightly more powerful, less ruley, stream of water coming out of your faucet. In that sense, it does represent a trade-off of sorts, however, it should also be pointed out that many people remove the aerators from the kitchen faucet on purpose, for the express purpose of achieving the higher pressure and flow that you're experiencing. Attempting to install the dishwasher adapter to the end of the aerator will not work because the dishwasher adapter will prevent any air from being drawn in to the aerator. If your faucet pressure is so high that it is a problem to use, the best advice would be to adjust the valves under your sink until you attain a more desirable rate of flow. I hope this helps!"
Like all dishwashers it does have a pan size limit...for example: even when I had a full size maytag it would not hold my lobster pot. Nor would it clean something baked on completely. That said I am able to fit my 5qt dutch oven in it as well as (but not at the same time) my 6qt stock pot. Also it washes my 9x13 pyrex baking dish beautifully. The cleaning power is more about the detergent and how the items are arranged than about the dishwasher itself.
I never got the choice at check out. But I really don't recommend buying this. Mine broke a week after the 3 month warranty ran out. I called customer service and they did nothing to help. It's not worth it. Go with an actual brand and service protection. May be more expensive but it's worth it in the end.
We purchased this dishwasher about a year ago and the lines that came with it to connect to the sink were horrible and ugly! My husband is very familiar with plumbing so he was able to buy a few extra parts and hook up to the sink line which worked perfectly. It is now in a cabinet out of sight! I do not know what exactly he purchased, but I can ask him and get back to you, if you'd like?
I have a similar one from 2008 and it does. I recall having to get a small adapter for my faucet at a hardware store though. My machine has been working perfectly for almost 5 years now and never disappointed me. Totally recommend it!
Yes, you can hook it permanently. I bought it to use it on my RV and it is going to be installed like a regular dishwasher.
We are two in here also and I use it everyday, once a day (when we are out working, on weekdays, I use it every other day). It fits 6 dishes and I have tried to put a pan in it but it didn't get cleaned. Careful not to stuff it otherwise nothing will be cleaned, including your forks and knives.
It depends on your dishes, I run mine twice a week. Once on my big cooking day and then again at the end of the week. I live alone. The last day is mainly cups...
The adapter that came with the dishwasher worked for us, it fit on the regular faucet after the screen fitting was removed.
I'm not quite sure either, but my best guess is that it accomodates the 3-in-1 cleaning packets that are sold. Like the cascade ones with the triple cleaning power. I looked through the manual for an answer and came up short, but I've been using that setting with the packets and everything works well...
Yes it does
I have a Kenmore Elite model #795 71063 and it fits. My part number cross reference was U23-501 or ADQ36006102 or a #9690.
Yes, it should work. My model is 795.7105, Kenmore Elite.
My refrig is Elite Kenmore. I'm not sure of the model #. I looked at my filter and it matched the one on Amazon. So I went ahead and ordered the filter. I am very pleased as it matched and the price was great.
"On the door's ice/water dispenser panel... all I have to do is PRESS and Hold the ""Ultra Ice"" button 3 seconds to reset the filter."
I have a Kenmore Elite Model 7957107 which is a different model than the one you listed. I can tell you that it fits perfectly for my model. I plan on ordering another one when I need to replace this one.
Fits my elite! Ron
The recommend filter is the LT700P LG Refrigerator Water Filter, put the Kenmore 46-9690 filter will also work.
The recommend filter for your model number is the LT700P LG Refrigerator Water Filter, the Kenmore 46-9690 will also work.
In a ductless hood over a cock top. In case your hood is not on an external wall, putting a long duct can be a pain.
yes, i have not had any problem with mine
It looks very similar to what I ordered, but the fan hood came with filters. Now I have x-RTA, and they seem to be like the originals that came with the fan hood.
Yes, it comes with 2 filters in a box.
No. The carbon filter is needed only if you vent inside. However, do not purchase the filter without first confirming with vendor that it is not already included with the hood (if you haven't done so already, read my review on the link that follows where I talk about this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005H3SCM8/ref=oh_details_o09_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
"These are a standard ""d"" shaped fitting and fit my stove perfectly. I checked on GE's website for my stove and its replacement parts. Rediculous prices for these!! Saw what they were and ordered these. They fit perfectly. I didn't have any numbers on the knobs on my GE Profile free standing gas range with warming drawer. Good luck."
Plastic
Stainless look, all plastic.
Stainless
They don't come in a pack. You buy them based on the number of knobs you need.
"The shafts are all the same size for these things 7/32"". The knob could also be used on my heater shaft control on my truck. Only until I had trouble with my truck and my stove did it dawn on me these things are standardized."
Only 1; however, WAY cheaper than if you go to GE directly.
We are using it on our stainless oven/stove, but ours is not a double oven.
I bought them for a Thermador, and they fit without any insert - the hole is D shaped to fit the shaft of the gas valve. I don't remember if there was an adapter included for different sizes - don't think there was. Great knobs and a good price.
Just one
Call amana and get it fixed under warranty. When the warranty runs out scrap it and get one from a different company. Mine has been repaired three times under warranty. Next time it breaks I'm buying a different washer from a different company. This machine was junk from the factory.
I have the Amana washer, and I've had it for a bit over a year. It has worked very well for me. I found out it pretty much locks up as soon as you push the start button, ergo everything needs to be in before you push the button to start. Beyond that it works great, very reliable. The top comes off the spinner to put in fabric softner. That's about it.
Probably because this washing machine is a piece of crap...sorry I don't know what it is, but it doesn't really wash my clothes, so the smell is probably just buildup from all of the dirty clothing. Maybe try running an empty cycle to clear it out?
Don't. The lid-lock mechanism in this unit is easy to break, and costs over $100 for just the replacement part.
First thing I'd try to end the siphoning is to elevate the washer's drain hose. If the washer's drain hose is shoved deep into your home drain pipe, pull most of the drain hose out of the drain pipe and anchor it in that position. The added height should correct the problem.
Hold the lock button down for 3 seconds. You will hear a click and the lock will come off and the cycle it is in will pause.
I would call customer service, they should be able to help you with that. 866-616-2664
Yes it does, I'm very pleased with my purchase of this Amana washer. It see's daily service and still performs like new. If you decide on the Amana, I hope yours serves you as mine has.
Yes, I washed a king size comforter in it today. I did have to adjust the water level so that the extra large water level goes to the top perforation drain hole. This is an easy thing to do. There are videos online that explain how to do it. It took me 2 minutes. Although it is supposed to be a 3.3 cubic foot drum I think there is actually more space than traditional washers. This agitator is smaller and takes up less space.
According to Speed Queen, they are the same model. The exact model number is actually Sp111t......etc so sometimes the S is there and sometimes it is not.
I am sorry that I cant give an exact answer,but it is less than the older top loaders. While a little more than the front loaders it is worth it as there are problems with front loaderrs with mold and sometimes cleaning.
it is very gentle. I also use a bag made out of netting material, to hold my delicates, so they are protected even more.
I think it is 3 years on parts and labor. 5 years on motor warranty.
Cannot tell you for sure, the washer is in our Florida home and we are not there. Snowbirds. All I can tell you is the Speed Queen is the most awesome washer and dryer we have EVER owned. Not just because it is made in USA, but because it actually WASHES clothes in a reasonable amount of time without alot of noise. These new machines from other manufacturers are total junk. Enough said!
YOu can use any kind. I would ditch the All paks and go with A&H liquid or Tide. I use both in mine and clothes come out clean.
awn542sp has two speeds ....awn421 only has one speed
The washer consists of a rectangular prism 25 5/8 inches wide by 26 inches deep by 36 1/2 inches high. The controls are in a box sitting on an extension of the washer top projects 2 inches farther back. The control box is 7 inches high, so the total height of the machine at the back is 43 1/2 inches
I believe a batch of these machines went out that way, yes. However my dad has this machine as do I and no grease issues thus far.
The legs on the one I have are 13 inches wide by 19.5 inches long. I quit using it because it is much too hard to clean- mold grows in the under part and the rack rusts though it is supposed to be stainless steel.
The manufacturer warranty would still apply.
I've had it in action for nearly two years (have long since thrown the box out, so don't know what the metal is), but it has not rusted one bit, and I really like it. The large size was a plus for me. The outside is metal. The bottom and drain train are gray plastic. I would say it's held up very well so far. Some have complained about spots on the bottom over time, but you just have to get it a wash once in a while, and they're gone.
It comes apart for cleaning. I clean mine once a month...I've had it 2.5 months. I tak e all the parts off and the bottom rack out. I then just clean everything with sponge and dish liquid. I clean the inside of the rack where it sits at the side of the sink. I scrub and then tilt toward sink and use my sink sprayer to rinse. I do this with the bottom drainer tray back on the unit (after its been cleaned). That way all the water drains right out to the spout and into the sink as I spray. One area I can't get too is where the draining spout connects to the drain tray. Looks like it will get build up over time. I suspect I'll have to soak it or maybe put in dishwasher. Some of the pieces are dishwasher safe. I'm just not sure which ones but think it says on box. I have to check.
The spout is adjustable. It can be made to run out of the end as well as the side.
It has 4 slots for steak/paring/smaller knives, 2 for med chefs knives and 1 for a large knife. Had it now almost two years and its still the best ever.
Well yes and no, it comes as you can see it on the picture and it also comes with four rubber pieces to put on each leg to lift it a bit to maximize the draining I guess. I just measured it and the lowest part below the drain (that black shoe horn that sticks out) comes to 3 cm in height. the four rubber pieces you can put on each legs lifts it about 2 cm...anyways just send me a message if you want more precise info :)
the dish drainer stands on legs and the drip spout is approximately 2 inches from the counter top. Hope this helps. I really do like it and it actually holds more dishes than my old plastic wire thing I had.
There are 3 in our household; however, my frame has in it a complete service for 4(large plates, salad plates, cereal bowl, 8 mugs, 6 ceramic ramikens, 3 Pyrex dishes with covers(small), two eight inch iron fry pans, and one small fry pan. Additionally a few large cooking and serving utensils. In the knife rack are various knives, and a spatula. Only two of us drink an occaisonal glass of wine. The wine rack holds two goblets, and the potato masher, on the front portion of that area, are kitchen shears, potato peeler, and a can opener. Most of these items are used daily and are handy from the Steel Frame Dish Rack. Everyone who sees it wants one!
Yes.
No it's on the top left corner
Yes it is the same as well as the features its just the company name that is different but its the same product. It works very well I have the avanti and I have no problems with it,to avoid over heating don't pack the dryer with a lot of clothes in it also clean the filter after each use.its a good product and works just like any dryer ,
Did she purchase it with a credit card? If so she could have them dispute it like I did. They refunded my money and then went after the manufacture. However since it has been a year it may be to long but worth a try. I didnt have to send the dryer back either.
i bought a steel wire shelf from walmart and used half of it to raise dryer to comfortable height and I locked it to the shelf with the feet on the dryer through the wires, I put detergent and clothes under it. I have never had a stack-able but, never set anything on it. Ive had mine 2 years of heavy use. love it, forget filters I bought felt squares at wally world and cut new filters out myself. less than $2.00 for 2 sets of intake and lint filters.
Yes, there is a label In one side: rated votage 120V AC. Rated frequency 60Hz. Rated current 12.7A. Power Input 1400 W
This dryer will run on any 110 volt outlet in your home as long as you do not share the circuit with a microwave, or coffee maker, etc.
no
110
For permanent press-wrinkle free, Set timer anywhere between 60-100 minutes. The dryer should be loaded in such a way that the clothes loosely tumble and fall as the dryer turns. I suggest you see the manual as all is spelled out on page 10.
Standard 3 prong for 110 outlet. Plug into any USA grounded house outlet. Dont know how to add pic.
It is made in China.
"According to the website ""Frigidare Cooktops"" it states, ""Induction is faster, easier to clean and more energy efficient than gas or electric."" I couldn't agree more! However to answer your question, the same site states ""- -our induction cooktop is 70% more efficient than cooking with gas and 20% more efficient than cooking with electric."""
Yes. No problem.
"It will heat a very small diameter butter-melter-thinghy. No limit on how small you can go. You could put a 12 inch Cast Iron Fry Pan on it. but the size of the magnetic heating element under the glass is 7 inches in diameter so it only heats the center. Around the edge of the pan is not hot enough for max heat. A problem for saute, but not to boil water or slow cook, depends on what you're cooking. I use my 8 inch cast iron fry pan a lot. Our 4 qt capacity enameled cast iron Walmart LeCrueset knock-off works great as such bowl-shaped cookware has a smaller diameter area at the bottom. For serious cooking with a Wok you should use an extra large gas burner. Good quality Tri-clad cookware with the induction symbol stamped on the bottom such as Fagor cookware works very well and is not very expensive. I have a tall 8 1/2"" diameter stockpot that holds 5-6 quarts that I use for soups, stews and slow cooking. The tri-clad bottom spreads the heat evenly, so thick stews don't burn on the low settings. Most six quart stainless steel Pressure cookers work OK, though you should only fill a P.C. 2/3 full. My nephew uses it on his Cabin Cruiser because it doesn't draw too much current. Works fine cooking for 2-4 persons. W.O."
There is no 'warm' setting. You'd have to use trial-and-error to find what settings (and pans) work for you.
I am something of a gourmet cook, and have never felt that the number of settings was too limited. My only gripe, and it is minor, is that over time the lowest settings have become hotter. Used to be able to simmmer at 2, now simmers at one. Performance varies from pan to pan, and with some pans, 1 is almost too hot for a simmer. Over all, I am thrilled with the burner and recommend it highly.
1 year parts and labour
Company's name is Eurodib.
yes as long as you are using induction friendly pots-we canned with the Burton --same size heating surface.
It is a little noisy but it was never enough to bother me. I was using it mainly for a teapot and I would say the fan was never louder than the boiling water.
If your current grates are the size you stated, then the PA0600037 will fit. There are 2 pins on the bottom of each grate that hold them in place.
I bought these spider grates for my Viking gas range and they are actually much shinnier than they appear in the sales photo. I don't think that you will be disappointed, and the price is much cheaper than buying direct from Viking. Enjoy!
i do not know as my viking stove is VGRC model - you may want to try to google your model # to see what is compatible - good luck
Here is a list of models it will fit http://www.allvikingparts.com/PA060037_Spider_Grate_p/pa060037.htm I ordered mine for my VDSC, but this is a common grate.
No
"Sure. There's just under 8"" between the top shelf and the ceiling; just over 8"" between the top and bottom shelves, and just over 8.5"" between the bottom shelf and the bottom of the freezer."
Hello, The Avanti VM302W1-1 and the VM302W1 are the same unit. Avanti has packaged the VM302W1-1 with a little more padding than the VM302W1 for better shipping. Other than that the units are exactly the same.
I didn't see any differences between them.
"external measurements are 20"" H, 18.75"" W and 17"" D"
No, it does not lock.
Well...that doesn't seem like a question...however I will answer it anyway. i have mine inside a VERY hot garage and it keeps my beverages ICE cold. I am very happy with it.
There are instruction included in switching the door. We didn't try it, but it can be done
No to right
You can get a case of 12 oz. cans, but I get better results with about 18.
19 3/8 inches high, 17 inches deep and 18 3/8 inches wide.
It will hold 13 dozen eggs. Light, easy to move around.
Sorry I can't be more specific. I have it at my office which is kept at normal temp. The setting is at 70% on the way to max cold and it keeps beer very cold. I don't think it could freeze however even at max cold.
I used this motor for Kenmore Coldspot 106.74959400 refrigerator. It looks to be the same part for your model. I watched some youtube videos and it was quite easy. Simply detach the three wires and connect in same order to the new motor. My fridge has been working great ever since. Hope this helps...
it will fit your refrigerator, but you will need to reuse the original bracket and fan blade. the fan blade will just pull off
You'll need to check your fridge manufacturer's manual. I was able to find a list of all parts for my fridge, including model numbers, and this was how I found out which model motor to get to replace the one that had burnt out in my fridge. In my case, the exact model was no longer available, but this model was listed as a compatible replacement.
You should be able to check at your model's manufacturer's site. I was able to find the part number for the motor that came with my fridge model, and then look that part number up at the MFGs site, which lead me to the replacement/newer model.
motor shaft is a different length. This one is shorter than what you need.
YES WITH SOME MODIFICATION TO FAN
"My unit is branded ""Estate"" it came in a park model camper made by Salem. I believe it is made by Kenmore. There is no wiring diagram, just plug the wires in to match the old unit."
The model #3639711786 did NOT recognize by Sears website. So I don't know.
That model is made by whirlpool, the exact replacement part number is 4389144. This one might fit (though it is commonly used in whirlpool Top freezer models, not Side by side), the rotation and shaft appear same size BUT if you want to be sure then search for part number 4389144 which is the exact fit
I'm not sure, I'd check Roper's website to see if it shows the right motor: http://www.abt.com/brand/Roper
The white side faces up.
Yes
The filters I bought is model HCM-750 series and they are rectangular, around 11.5 X 16 cm
Yes
HCM-750
I don't know - they are in Colorado where I no longer live. Sorry. But you can call someone here: http://www.abt.com/product/56768/Honeywell-HAC700.html
Nope. The included remote will work wirelessly as a thermostat without Red Link.
It comes with the portable thermostat pictured.
I can't help; bought Honeywell package, over $300 and every air conditioning company I've contacted in Jacksonville, FL says they can not do the installation and recommend returning the product. Presently the components are sitting in the closet hoping some day there will be installation instructions on the net. Can't believe major Air Conditioning companies do not like Honeywell products.
I installed my kit in mid August 2012. All batteries still working May 29, 2013.
I do not think so. This kit comes with the Main thermostat, 1 outdoor sensor and 1 Portable Comfort Control (PCC). The PCC can be moved around the house. In my case, I have a 2 story house and I keep the PCC in the second floor, at night when I am in the room I transfer the control from downstairs (main unit) to the PCC and the temperature in the room is kept at my preferred setting (Usually 78/79). There is a drawback: The Main thermostast and the PCC cannot be used at the same time in tandem, so you are reading the temp either from the main or from the PCC but not both at the same time. For example if I set downstairs to be 80 and the PCC to be 79 the A/C will not turn on to keep both settings, only to keep the one that at that moment is the master (either the main unit or the PCC). If you want to keep an average setting in your house, like having multiple sensors indoor and that the AC turns on to keep this average, then there are small indoor units (no screen) that are cheap that can be used for that.
"I have the indoor remote sensor (temp) and the outdoor sensor (temp/humidity) connected. When the remote is selected it acts as the thermostat and works great. With the smartphone app, the exterior and interior temp/humidity are viewable along with system status and control. I don't know what a ""Nest"" is. Hope this helps."
I belive you need the Red Link Enabled Internet Gateway for this functionality. http://www.amazon.com/Honeywell-THM6000R1002-Enabled-Internet-Gateway/dp/B006BD1K4A/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1355862230&sr=8-2&keywords=YTHX9321R5061
That's a good question for either the Honeywell customer support online or 800 support center. Although, any sound that you are unaccustomed to, will disturb a good nights sleep. My experience has been, after having the YTHX in place for over 3 months, that your rest cycle will be less interrupted with the more familiar sound. However if you are a very light sleeper more drastic measures might be considered, such as replacing the thermosat to a more remote location. Fishing wires thru walls and ceilings is a moderate (experience level) undertaking. I had to run a fifth wire (previous 4-wire would not support the YTHX), and am familiar with the undertaking. If not, an ac or electrician can easily handle the issue. Good Luck.
Yes, it controls humidity level in the house and can be set dynamically on touchscreen.
No click on my unit.
Martha no, it has a different temperature value, you want part number 675813 please like my facebook page Paul Maps Appliance Repair Service
Yes, this will fit your model
I don't know for sure. If you go to Whirlpool site they should have the part number for your appliance.
Yes, I purchased this part for my tenant dishwasher and it's working fine.Thank you so much!!!
This work great for my Kenmore Elite model 665.16462300. I guess it depends on what model you have as to whether or not it will work for you.
Yes
I have a kitchenaid and this part fixed my issue. Most of them are made by the same manufacturer so if you checked online to see if this part works in your model, then it should be good to give it a try.
More than likely yes, but you need to see what the thermal protection configuration is like in your Kitchen Aid. Most likely it is the same. Watch a video on YouTube, there are many videos that will show the particular appliances and the parts that apply to them.
Yes.
Yes it should.
1/8 inch
Don't know. I tried them on mine and they are ok. Cheap investment over factory prices.
Have no idea
All the pegs are the same size that fit into the hole. Most run a bit small. You MUST use a rubber type adhesive to keep it in the grate. If the one you have the ones with a dome type piece that extends out... these will not work. They do not extend beyond the grate and you still have metal against metal. The ONLY replacement I have found is with Viking for $10 per rubber foot. CRAZY!
I think so. They fit the feet of my Viking designer cooktop that has five burners with a three piece cast iron grill top.
Yes
Yes
Yes
I don't know I didn't buy them to fit a kitchen aide
SORRY. I DON'T KNOW. I OWN A VIKING.....and they did not fit.
Crome
Yes, it's brass and has pre-drilled holes so it can be mounted inside the cooler.
No.
No. We have two, 5 gallon kegs in ours and it's a very tight squeeze. The co2 will have to be in the back. It's still a great kegerator though!
Yes, that's how mine is. Just need to drill hole in countertop. Granite installers did it and just used a lot of silicone to adhere to counter top.
Yes, depending on your counter height. You will need to cut a hole in the counter to feed the facet tower through. This model isn't specifically designed to be an undercounter model; there are others that may be a better choice.
Yes. You need to get a nitro spout a nitro canister and fill with beer gas.
Yes, comes with both. Been pleased with my purchase. Over 2 years and no problems.
Yes, but you have to modify it. I have done it with my countertop.
Yes
Yes, and yes!
It goes on the bottom for the kegs to sit on. I recommend watching Edgestar's youtube videos about setup and maintenance. Very helpful--just search for edgestar kegerator.
I have this and I hate the loud popping sound. I have just learned to deal with it until tonight. I loosened the 4 screws that hold the cooling plate on and I have yet to hear a loud bang!
There are faucet locks available as others have said. Shutting off co2 won't stop the pressurized keg from releasing beer
The tower itself is about 12 inches. The height to the top of the handles is about 15.5 inches. I'm not sure what shelf you are referring to for the CO2. The kegs take up most of the inside. You may be able to squeeze it in there but there is a bracket on the back specificaly for the CO2. Hope this helps
The casters come separate from the fridge, I didn't put them on and it sits on the floor just fine.
"Not with the regulator that is supplied with the unit. The one that ships with this unit is a single valve regulator with a ""T"" connector for running CO2 to both the individual kegs/lines. I upgraded the regulator when I bought this unit (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0060NOX40/ref=oh_details_o05_s02_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) and I am extremely pleased with it, as it lets me shut the CO2 to each keg as needed. If you plan on having more than a keg active at one time, I really feel that this saves CO2 and gives you the ability to pressurize each keg as you need to. You can find cheaper dual pressure regulators, but this one is quality."
In general, most US produced ales and lagers should be dispensed at 10 to 12 PSI. Stout and other nitrogen reliant keg beers are usually dispensed at 25 to 30 PSI.
Can't get 1/6 kegs in my area and the full barrel coors won't fit
The connection only comes setup for a Sanke connection. However, your beer shop will have the know how to inexpensively convert the connects to fit your system. I use 2 5 gallon ball lock corny kegs and the system works great.
you could use gorilla glue or super glue. But these are so tiny, unless you took the wheels off of the cars they are not going to reach the paint. what I mean by that is the magnets will not go past the tires.
No they are not
1 magnet can hold up to 2 letter sized (8.5x11) sheets of paper on my fridge. It also had no problem holding 1 letter sized (8.5x11) sheet of photo paper. I'm not sure why someone had to use 5 magnets to hold one 5x7 but perhaps it depends on your fridge. Mine's fairly glossy but the magnets seem to stick to it quite well.
Yes. One magnet would probably work all by itself. I assume you mean ONE magnet on each corner for a total of four. They are really strong, so four would definitely be ok.
These magnets are tiny but they are also strong. Direct magnet to metal contact on a model would not be recommended as these magnets do have some power. However, if you were to apply a barrier between the magnet and the metal then it would probably be okay.
I do not know for sure but found some on another website that say N52...
Mine were shipped in a bag. I'm not sure if it's possible to divide it up into two packages of 25 unless you contact the seller.
it is 50pcs x
Maybe. There are two types of stainless steel - magnetic and non-magnetic. If the stainless steel on your refrigerator is magnetic, then these rare earth magnets will stick. You can test the stainless steel on your refrigerator with any magnet.
Interesting question and the answer appears to be yes. http://i.imgur.com/JtcnWWU.jpg
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! This does not come with the griddle. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's
Yes Jamie, this is a self-cleaning unit.
Frigidaire is made in Canada and depending on where you live, they will ship directly to you or it will come from us here in St. Louis, MO.
Elizabeth, we can hold orders for up to 60 days.
We clean the the grates with a damp dish washing cloth. If it ever needed serious scrubbing, I would use a scouring pad sold for a barbeque grate and rinse with water. 'Mom' may have been worried about rust in a cast iron skillet or depleting the conditioning oil in the skillet. I sometimes use water in my cast iron skillet if it is seriously messy, but it rusts a bit if it is not dried out after cleaning. It takes a touch more oil to use the skillet the next time.
The broiler is on the top of the oven.
Hi Billy, this range can be converted to LP. If you have any questions please call 1-888-768-1710. Thank you for choosing Goedekers.
Mine is still in the box cause I am waiting to move but I saw the top where the screen is and it is matte. Don't know if the whole thing is like that though.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! This item can use propane but needs a conversion kit to be purchased separately. Unfortunately, we only ship to the contiguous United States. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's
The shells comes out white and clean... With no yolk residue to be found.
"Hi there ~ It's about a foot and a half high, it doesn't have a lot of ""modes"" but it's pretty gentle on clothes. You can't fit very much in it....a load of tshirts and underwear maybe. It drains through a hose that you aim into your sink. I always put mine on the kitchen counter next to the sink so that the hose from the kitchen faucet fills it up and another hose drains into into the sink. Simple and easy but for very small loads."
No not really. I found that it was ok for shirts or anything smaller. I still had to do a weekly pants/jeans wash.
No. it will drain out the water ,but u must wring out by hand.
If I were a mother again, I would have no problem buying this product for washing diapers. It has a limited capacity, but it keeps the diapers out of the regular household laundry. For busy people it may be impractical beyond infant and early toddler size diapers. But that depends on how much you mind doing several loads a week. I wouldn't mind at all. Cloth diapers are the healthiest. Babies do NOT need all the ridiculous chemicals in disposables. I say that with a little authority. I used to work in a research and development department of a baby diaper manufacturing company. Trust me. Cloth diapers are healthier than disposables. I would never let a disposable touch my baby if I didn't have to. As for the egg, you could probably get a dozen and a half newborn diapers in it. Probably eight to twelve toddler diapers. I don't think it is such a pain to hook up to a faucet that is in a second bathroom or a utility room. Otherwise it would be kind of a pain n a kitchen or only bathroom. The full wash is about thirty minutes. Wash and no rise is about fifteen. Just remember to turn the water off before removing the hose from the faucet! I wish my mom had it in the 1950's and 1960's when she had eight children and several in cloth diapers at any given time. I was an oldest daughter and often changed the cloth diapers and rinsed them in the toilet. Then put them in the bleach pail. I would have loved the ego egg. Just take the diapers out of the pail and put them in the egg. Run it and then wring them out. Throw them in the dryer or hang them up. You don't have to mix them in with regular laundry and you can dry them together, fold them and put them away.
I just turn the Egg upside down and pour it into the sink. The Egg is a little heavy but not too heavy to be able to do that easily enough.
Yes, that happened to me a lot of times ... That means you are not doing it right. The secret its to heard like a click ... Then turned the water slowly to see if the hose won't come out.
yes, its uses any detergent, including he
Yes. That's how I use it.
The hose leaked (bad, sprayed) when I just used straight hot water (lucky I heard it)... When I mixed or just used cold water there was no problem. After the hot water incident I had no problems with the hose leaking...
"The height is 33 1/2"" with the door closed. If you open the door, it folds in half and the height would be 40"". With the door unfolded, it is 46 1/2""."
No they don't come out linty at all! There is actually a lint filter in the agitator that catches the lint.
Yes it does. I have mine attached to permanent hookups but I kept the accessories and checked out the casters. They are not swivel but rather unidirectional so you would want to make sure you keep the machine someplace where you don't have to turn a million corners to get it to the sink. I've also been meaning to edit my review to add a feature that wasn't listed in the manual: a fabric softener dispenser. It kind of hides on the lip of the drum but it's there. Just one more reason to really like this machine.
I use about half of what I would on a regular washing machine, not a extra large tub washer.
It all depends on what you're putting in the washer. As long as you don't exceed the load capacity of 11.02 lbs you should be OK. This washer works best when the clothes are loaded loosely in the machine.
I had the Haier model for about six months before it stopped working for me. I replaced it with the Danby and have been using it for about a year. It handles a larger load, and the agitator does a much better job of cleaning than the pulse action on the Haier.
We live in an apartment also, and Danby provides you with everything you need to hook it up to an average kitchen sink. They give you a fitting that mounts on your faucet, and a quick disconnect on the hose so you can get it off easily. It vents into the sink, but we have to be careful to weigh the hose down or the water pressure forces it right out of the sink.
"You can put about 3-6 shirts/sweaters, depending on whether you're talking t-shirts or hooded sweatshirts, and then add some socks, washcloths, hand towels. Jeans/pants - You could put 4 in, but sweatpants, I'd put 3, and again add some misc little stuff. With sheets - a fitted & flat queen sheet can go in together, but unfortunately sometimes it seems to cause one of them to somehow get caught over the center ""swish"" piece. So I typically wash one of them & add a bunch of other small stuff. Not for washing pillows or blankets - though you could toss a throw in. It does a good job, but the thing I hate most about it is if you keep it somewhere when not in use & then wheel it to a sink to hook up to water, the wheeling isn't the most smooth in the world. This is primarily related to the leveling knob on the side, which can pop out of the frame a lot. So if your load is imbalanced with a bigger item (if ya can fit it), that helps level it, but then is a pain in the neck. It cleans well, but it's definitely a moderate size closer to the small side than large. Hope that makes sense!"
I had this hooked up to my kitchen sink but later moved into the bathroom and all the attachments needed came with the washer. It was easy to hook up, I don't recall any glitches at all. I have had this for more than a year, and I could not recommend this washer highly enough. It cleans my clothes so well, I'd been going to a laundromat for so long I almost forgot what really clean clothes smelled like. I have a couple friends who almost beg me to let them do laundry at my house because it cleans so much better than a coin operated machine. It is quiet, and doesn't seem to use much electricity.
The hoses for the incoming water supply cannot be moved, but the drain hose can be put on either side.
Go to samsungparts.com and enter your model# to be sure. Once you have the part# you can search on Amazon for that part. Usually it is cheaper from Amazon or a reseller than from the dealer.
I am not sure but best way to find out is to go to Samsung website and cross reference your fridge and and any accessories you need. That's what i had to do to find part number I needed. Use same part number to search it on amazon
"mine is RFG297 model, bottom freezer. there is one of these shelves for the right hand door, and a different one for the left. They are not 16"" wide. Like most Samsung stuff, parts are specific to a model."
It should b,e looking at the doors of teh unit.
My fridge is a RFG298AARS/XAA. The guard assembly fit just like the original and is doing great. Can't complain about a product that works as intended.
I don't believe so. Check out this link: http://www.samsungparts.com/Products/Parts_and_Accessories/PID-DA97-07541A.aspx?model=rfg237aars/xaa
Yes it comes with the clear part of the bin.
It is compatible with my Samsung mode number RFG297HDRS. But I don't know with RF261BEAESR.
Not sure on your model but I can tell you it is not the bottom bin (gallon bin) on my 295 and I thought it would be. Look carefully on bottoms of your bins. Some have imprinted parts numbers. Some don't. Hope you are lucky and yours do!
Yes it will work. Most units are standard until u get to the brand new models. Most common mistake people make is thinking its the heating element when its actually a high temp limit switch. For the money try the heating element first. If that doesnt fix it i would look there. Good luck.
Yes it does perfectly
My husband installed one, that's all i know.
Has a little freezer enough for one ice tray. I've had it a couple of years and have not needed to defrost.
It's a real stainless look.
19 1/2 inches
I bought mine new, less than 12 months ago. It has served me well to this point.
nope. But it does have a little freezer which kind of surprised me!
Cold enough to make Soda partially freeze when its placed on the top right, it's great.
19.375 h 18.5 w
it is designated that it is a refrigerator
110V Single Phase. The unit does not list the current requirements, but it is an Energy star listed fridge, can't be much (&lt;1 A)
Yes
More than likely. When I was looking for a new fuse I found there are only about three different kinds that dryers use. Just take off back panel...AFTER YOU UNPLUG IT...and the fuse will be held in by one screw next on the blower assemble located bottom left of the back of the dryer. There will be two wires going to it...mine were blue. If you hook the wires together and dryer starts your fuse is bad. DO NOT run it this way..Can cause a fire. Hope this helps
3392519 is right part fits model LGR7646EQ2
Thank you was a exact fit
It worked for my 20+ year old KitchenAid gas dryer... which was made by Whirlpool.
Basically it shuts the dryer off when it gets to hot. Sometimes if it does get too hot it can blow the fuse. Then you have to buy a new thermal fuse.
I used it in my Kenmore Dryer
Google your dryer with the model number and you should be able to find a picture of the part and the part number. That will help you know if it's right.
It was for my dau. I will ask het
Yes, this is the part number listed on many appliance websites for your model dryer
Sorry there were no markings on the product or paperwork showing where they are made.
We use this outdoors, under cover on a patio and built in . We live in a warm climate....so far its fine...about a year old
I never bought this unit I returned it
I bought this refrigerator in May 2013, and had it installed shortly after that. It has been exposed to the high summer heat, lots of rain, potential tornadoes. No problems. I set the thermostat at 38 degrees and have no problems. The only complaint is the lack of handle. I am installing a handle.
Only had it outdoors for this past summer but it held up in the Missouri heat Just to be safe I am bringing it in for the winter
It is design too, but have not gone through a winter. It has a good guarantee and has been so far so good.
"Yes, it uses a standard 3 prong outlet. Water supply is a standard 1/2"" connection and drain hose includes an adapter to fit most garbage disposers or dishwasher Tees."
The sides are not finished. This model is made for in cabinet installation only. Electrical and plumbing exposed.
Yes. 4 Pieces. 2 per side.
The dishwasher can sit inside a opening, secured by a few screws. I love this machine! I had my contractor put it in, on a shelf he built in my island. It is quiet and i use my own homemade dishwashing detergent.
It's 16 5/32 H, 23 19/32 W and 22 9/16 D.
No, the unit is cabinet depth and no room above for sink or a garbage disposal.
I do not believe it is intended for that purpose, however if it were mounted in a weatherproof cabinet with properly protected electrical and plumbing you could probably get away with it. Also it would have to be an environment where freezing temperatures are never encountered. Many of the parts are plastic, but there may be some like the drawer slides that are steel and might eventually rust.
It may be the screen that catches debris, and glass etc. If that's what they are referring to it is small and easy to remove and rinse.
I am not sure about the replacement issue. I bought the unit for my brother-in-law. He installed the unit in his 5th wheel trailer and is very happy with the performance.
"No. 16""."
Yes. Each drawer is independent of each other.
this one seems more reliable and sturdier... and yes it does have two drawers
No. None of the FP models are.
yes absoutely and the thickness is adjustable, i forget how thick it will hold but it covers all the thickest cabinet panels by different manufacters !!! good luck you will love it !!
Same unit except STI7 model is a tall tub version compared to regular tub of the SI7.
Yes
"Dimensions Overall height of product 17 7/8 - 18 13/16"" Overall width of product 23 9/16"" Overall depth of product 22 1/2"""
I just checked and no it doesnt
Did you turn the nob on the bottom right of the freezer on?
Unplug the freezer and wait 5 minutes. Then set control to coldest setting plug in.
subtract about 1.5 inches from every dimension and the result is a pretty close approximation of the internal space.
"Height: 22.5"". Width: 30"". Depth: 34.5"" and, weight 71 lbs."
The serial number is on the right side above the vent.
Yes.
It's about -20.
I have only had it for a couple of months but no frost as of yet
The Energy Guide estimates $26 cost per year at 240 kWh yearly electricity use. Typically, in the summer months, my electric bill runs $20-$30 per month. It is staying under $30. I really have no complaint of any kind ref. our freezer. It's small and convenient, yet holds those great bargains I hate to pass up.
I believe it is not direct wire, has a plug which is in the attic.
I will check today but I am pretty sure mine is on military time right now with the factory setting. I will get back to you today. All in All the unit works great and it looks modern. I will email later
Yes. The glass can be removed. That is a great idea. I would love to see the finished product. The bottom part where the clock is and the glass is attatched to is 23 3/4 w by 18 1/2 deep. the glass rests on top of this part and is screwed in from the top and the glass goes all the way in to the can that shoot to the ceiling. The can that shoes to the ceiling is 13w by 12 1/2 d. Hope that helps. Email me if you want pics. Teezjoint@gmail.com
No the instructions say that it cant
When installed on a 8ft ceiling it is 31 1/4 to the bottom of the vent hood.
It is designed for a 8 foot ceiling and up. Even at 8 feet you can hit your head bending over the cooktop. I still love the look of it.
Yes it was conected properly
I installed mine in 9 ft ceiling. It will fit in 8 ft also. The stainless steel vent cover is adjustable
No, it must be conventionally vented
Allegedly it removes even flouride and supposedly even muddy toxic river water is able to be filtered and safe to drink with use of this product, however I haven't had my water tested and everyone seems to notice a difference with drinking it. That's the best I got. Good luck. (Alex Jones is a promoter of this product)
ProPur has a King which holds 4 gallons. I also carry another line which has a 6 Gallon capacity. Let me know which interests you and we can chat more.
I have the traveler model with fluoride filters and the water tastes great and filters work.
You can visit www.propurusa.com to contact the appropriate person. Here is the website's description of this particular filter: They consist of a ceramic composite with a special mix of carbon to provide the most efficient filtration possible, silver impregnated to help prevent bacteria growth and are self-sterlizing. I contacted Propur's customer service (once) and was very impressed by their promptness and help.
Yes, it worked for me
No longer have Kenmore dishwasher since it kept burning fuses and they could determine why. But it does appear that is the correct fuse.
Yes it will work
I am not sure if it will.
Yes it is. Perfect fit.
It's about 8 - 10 inches... I bought this thinking I need 900cfm, but most of the time we turn to 400-600cfm.
Sorry, I do not remember. However the quality is top notch and I have zero problems. The filter design is all stainless steel and is similar to a commercial hood.
The vent comes out the top only so you would have to use a 90 degree elbow. I have mine under a cabinet so the vent goes up into the cabinet and out the back.
This model can not be installed Non-vented
"This model can be install with 6"" round duct"
29.75
"No, top 7"" vent only."
Hello... I love this machine it did hook up to my first faucet no problem but when I replaced my faucet it did not fit :-( but I was able to get a adapter that worked and also new hook up piece that also worked... so either way I was able to adapt it to 3 different faucets... try hardware store not home depot or lowes
1h55m, although there are several options, including an Express wash that runs 1h5m.
Yes, it does.
Not on ours. The water does leak a little if you don't turn it off. I try not to leave when it's running
no - it is specifically designed to be a stand alone portable machine.
No it does not because the hose that you connect to the faucet feeds water into the machine. Once the machine if filled with water it runs and begins to clean your dishes (similar to a washing machine).
"The answer to your first question is yes. The water input and output hose (consisting of two hoses) connect to the sink faucet. The water input/output hose is only about 3 to 4 feet long. No plumbing work is required it just drains into the sink. To understand the functioning of a ""portable"" dishwasher, you may want to look up some youtube vids - they all function the same way."
"The unit is 18"" from left to right (width) and a little over 25"" from front to back (depth). This is a great unit, I use the all in one tablets so I don't know about the shorter cycles but I am pretty impressed so far. :-)"
The plastic is not completely dry but plates, glasses, etc. are
Yes, both the electric cord and water pipes can slide down into the back of the dishwasher. Be sure to shake out any excess water before retracting the water pipes though.
I am sur it is possible. Check out the parts manual or go online to their website. If you see the wheel available as a part then you know they will come off. You might have to put some furniture protectors under where the wheels were to protect your floor.
Its height without rollers is 33 inches.
You mean, will it fit under a standard counter height? I don't think so since it is as high as a standard counter, and you can't take the top slab off. Also, the plumping is really designed to hook up to your kitchen sink faucet, and it drains into your sink. You would need a plumber to make the modifications and it might get expensive. There are plenty under the counter, small, apartment sized built in dishwashers on the market. I would look for something that is designed to be a built-in, and don't recommend trying to adapt this one. A very long answer to say NO!
This machine does not have a salt dispenser. If your water is soft, use very little detergent. If it is very hard, use max amount of liquid AUTO. detergent and also there are products that will clean the inside of the stainless steel tub. I love this machine, it does well for a small apt with 2 people.
"Top rack will allow at least 6"" or more. The bottom rack will allow about 12"". My plates are 10"" and I have no problem with sprayer arm moving."
Yes of course, as long as they are not too big.
I'd say the hoses are about 5' and the cord is a bit longer.
With the wheels it's 35 & 15/16 inches tall. it's 17 & 5/8 inches wide. It's 25 & 3/8 inches deep.
The manufacturer warranty is one year from the date of purchase. There may be a way to buy an extended plan through amazon's various sub contractors.
Galvanized parts are the grates only. The rest is plastic
Yes it's three individual pieces that connect together
I would say no. you are probably looking for corrugated tubing for your needs
"I think 3"" PVC will connect and than add a reducer 3""/4"" to connect your four inch PVC"
I cut one end to enable a bend. I lined up the two pieces, then cemented it in place, called it a day. If you want a sealant, silicon paste may work.
All the trenches have male & female ends that will slide together to form a continuous trench as long as you want it. It came with a cap for one end. I believe I ordered an additional transition piece to tie it into the corrugated field drain. It worked very well and is quite rugged.
"Yes definatly over cut it. Makes it a lot easier to fill in. Give yourself at least 3"" on each side of the drain. As for the depth you have to adjust it based on the slope of the driveway and the depth of the drain."
No. You have to pitch the drain.
Yes to both. They come in ~3ft sections that you slip one into the other to get the length you need. Like you when I installed mine i needed to cut one to get the exact length I wanted. They have been in for a couple of months now and are doing a good job funneling off the rain water.
Does have flat bottom with slots to put bolts or anchors in .I pre poured mine and fastened it before floor pour.
yes. we installed ours straight out the back.
Fair enough lighting, but haven't tried installing dimming, so not sure - no option to dim built in. Like he good overall!
It comes standard with a 3 prong plug
Yea
http://www.amazon.com/Cavaliere-Euro-Recirculation-Kit/dp/B004J50V24/ref=sr_1_1?s=hi&ie=UTF8&qid=1396893534&sr=1-1&keywords=cavaliere+recirculation is where you can find it on amazon. You would just need to let us know what the model is to that you can get the correct piece.
We ducted it but it says with a different filter you could non-duct
No the tub is not stainless, but the dishes get just as clean if it was. Had a stainless tub before, got water stains!
Dear Barb, The dishwasher comes with the drain hose , but it does not come with the fill hose. The unit does not come with a power cord either. The cord model number is 501032L. Thank You
Yes, standard size install. Probably on the manufacturers' website they would give the raw dimensions for the opening needed.
I would use the newer braided type just so you know everything is new under your counters when you install. Just make sure your fittings are tight so you don't have any issues with leaks.
The braided type is better
Product Dimensions 22.6 W x 17.6 D x 32.1 H
It is a comparison rating of decibels produced by dishwashers, For further information, Google: http://www.ehow.com/info_12023841_explanation-dba-ratings-dishwashers.html
Dear Bruce, The manufacturer's specifications do list the sanitize option as a feature for the SPE5ES55UC. Sara Goedekers.com Customer Service
Yes, it is energy star certified.
I used it in the laundry room, however it is a standard size and will fit under the counter top. Be advised however there are no mounting brackets to anchor the machine to the counter
no
This model is a built-in under the counter dishwasher and cannot be rolled around. It would have to be a portable dishwasher (such as the WDP350PAAW), which is designed for exactly just that.
A water heater is included.
NO garbage grinder; you cannot put dirty plates with food in it; also it does NOT dry very well; it leaves water in the bottom and water on the walls and I have to complete drying by hand.
yes
The outside of the machine - from one side to the other side.
No it does not
It is under the counter.
NO, you have to connect it to a hot water line
This is an off-brand part. It may well fit your Kenmore also. I compared this part at other sites (like parts.com) to try to verify if it was the correct element for my Frigidare and it fit perfectly. Hope it works out for you, too.
Model range is the electric frigidaire ES300
What I did was I looked on line for the actual part from the owners manual and it worked for my oven but mine is a frigid are. If your part looks like this one it probably is just make sure you are getting the correct one you need ie the top of the over vs the bottom one
DID NOT WORK ON MINE
Ralph - i'll double check my model number as a reference and get back to you asap.
It fits almost all frigidaire ovens. So yes it should be an exact fit.
this one fit my frigidaire oven, but i'm not sure the exact model number of my oven at this time... thanks
the only thing this element has is the small mounting plates which hold element to back off oven(2 screws) any other brackets have to be reused
Yes , shaped a little different than original ,but is in and has been working for a few months with no problem
It fit and works great in my range which is model #FEF352DWE but am not really sure about your model. Good luck.
I don't know where you can find the part but i fixed mine by lowering the front legs of the fridge a couple notches
Dimensions Width 35 5/8 Height 70 1/8 Depth 35 5/8 Cutout Width 36 Depth Radius 48 Depth Closed Including Handles 35 5/8 Cutout Height 69 Height To Top Of Cabinet 68 5/8 Depth Excluding Doors 29
Take out all the ice you can and gently tap the tray with the palm of your hand. If that doesn't work use a hairdryer to warm up and melt the remaining ice.
same as original
3.4 CU.FT. CAPACITY
220V
Power cord - No. You'll need to buy one that fits your specific washer/dryer outlet (3-prong or 4-prong). Drainage, hot, and cold hoses - Yes to all 3. Although the hot/cold hoses that come with it are the inexpensive rubber type. It is suggested to separately purchase metal or braided hoses which are stronger and usually last longer. Best of luck to you!
27 inches wide, 30 inches deep, 75 inches high.
Hi. Yes, the agitator is supposed to run that slow. All the newer washers are like that. The washer still cleans the cloths very well. We are very satisfied with our purchase.
I believe it is able to sit flush against the wall but it depends on where you vent would be coming out of the wall. Here is a link to the ge appliances website and if you scroll down to manual/downloads and click on the one that says installation instructions, you should be about the find the information you need in there. If you have any more questions feel free to email us.
Yes. Both can be run concurrently.
Vented
I don't think they separate.
No but there is several water level settings and a setting which will only fill the washer with the amount of water needed based on the amount of cloths in the washer
"You may have ""normal"" pots and pans that work. The easiest way to see is try sticking a magnet to your pot, if it sticks it will work on an induction stove. Cast iron pans will work, most stainless steel pots and pans will work, copper pans will not work."
220v
My cooktop makes a buzzing noise when in use (oven does not). It bothered me at first, but I quickly got used to it.
The oven vent for this model is located just beneath the control panel, so the warm air will actually flow out over the cooktop area of the range.
27.8 x 29.9 x 46.9 inches
no
I have owned this machine for about one year, and I usually use it twice per day. So far it has run just fine, however, I do remove the filter and the drain plate one a month to clean them because they can clog which prevents the machine from draining properly.
Actually does clean dishes through varying cycle lengths with or without a final heated rinse program. Be mindful that if you decide to install this unit for continued use it will require some electric and plumbing accomidations 110 outlet, cold water feed, and waste water connection. This appliance is designed to sit atop a counter and be attached and disconnect at a kitchen sink. I have my dishwasher plumbed into my fridge h20 line and waste line plumbed into under sink drain line. My unit is situated atop my fridge. I can easily remove the entire dish rack to load with ease.
"Yes mine does about 1/4"". The cabinet itself is 17"" tall"
'Top rack only' applies to dishwashers with a drying cycle heating coil, as the coil will melt or disfigure those items. This dishwasher doesn't have a heating coil. Instead it dries items by heating up the water to around 160 degrees while rinsing so everything gets really hot; then drains the water; then the items (mostly) evaporate the water off because they are so hot. Plastic-ware will not melt at this temperature so your 'top rack' items can be put in there like all other items.
Yes
The box weighed about 50 pounds when the unit was delivered. If I subtract the weight of the packaging, my best estimate is the dishwasher weighs between 42 and 45 pounds.
Not sure mine works great is the water connected and flowing to the unit? Try changing the selector knob and trying it again good luck
Made in China, according to the specs sticker on the back of my unit.
This is all according to the manual: The heaviest mode is 100 minutes (1:40), the normal mode, which is what I run on, is 85 minutes, just under an hour and a half. Light is 75 minutes. Glassware mode is 70, and speed mode, which does not dry, is 45 minutes
I struggled with this too until I realized the adapter is in the nozzle attachment.
That's how I hooked ours up, I drilled a hole through the countertop behind the unit, underneath spliced into hot water line and the sink drain. Works perfect.
Yes...However, it really doesn't use alot of water. Although the faucet is turned on the entire time, the dishwasher only pulls water from it at certain times. So the water is not running into the dishwasher the whole time. ...Hope that helps.
There is a hose (it's actually 2 in 1) coming from the back of the unit that attaches to your faucet. The faucet remains on throughout the cycle and the unit controls the flow of water. From that same hose it drains into the sink. The hose isn't very long so you will want to make sure you have space and an outlet within a few feet of the sink.
Approximately 5 feet also note that the supply and drain hose are connected together on the sink adapter and are attached on the back of the unit looking from the front on the right side. So if placed to left of sink you would have full length of hose if placed to right about 3 feet. Hope this helps
Yes. It cleans everything that goes in a normal dishwasher. It also has a setting for light/china, and soak.
The one we typically use is about an hour and a half (includes heated drying time).
I would have to say it uses about as much as a larger dishwasher. I think that the pods would probably work if their liquid pods The pods that get hard might not work in there
If u are using rinse aid, stop using and run couple of cycles without. Rinse aid causes these dishwashers to have too many suds when mixed with the detergent, thereby causing leaks. Those dishwasher tablets work best for these small washers. The tabs contain a small oamount of Rinse aid. Whenever I fill the built-in reservoir with Rinse Aid mine too oozes out. Once I stopped using rinse aid, the issue stopped. Try that if it still leaks then return, try running and dont add soap until the rinse aid dissappears. Then use tabs once Rinse Aid is gone, this works for me.
It works great for just the two of us. I don't think it's heavy duty enough for a family of five. You would have to run it constantly for that many dishes.
Yes, we have 5 other pictures which are not currently being displayed, these should be uploaded shortly.
No. They do not fit.
I actually would like to get my money back, none of the knobs i've purchased work!
I can't answer that as I gave my knobs away because they did not work on the ranger here in Mexico.
it doesn,t fit
Not sure about your model. Ours is an older model #628-9497343. The range control knobs worked fine but the oven knobs (we have 2 ovens) did not match.
Dean, It appeared to me that it was kind of a fit-all type that one side takes care of the ice-maker and the other takes care of the water dispenser. Most of the stuff that came with it to install I didn't use but I will say it was the second one (the first one lasted about two years) I've replaced. Good thing is that they're not expensive. So far with this one...so good....
yes
Yes this will work on fridge model # KSRS22DWWOO
Yes , this will replace 2315534
Hi , no this will not replace 2188746. Use part number W10408179
Sorry , no your model calls for part number 12002193
The Supco WV8046 is compatible replacement for the following part #'s: GVI-1004, 628238, GVI-1002, 628185, 819493, IH2002, 8216, 627431, 876070, EATIMV8046, OEMIV2, 628184, 4210533, 627937, 2002182, 628164, 850733, 628295, 627890, 627859, 628275, 627963, 8216, GVI-501, 627403, 627580, GVI1002.
Sorry , No this will not replace the part number
I don't know, pls reach out to the vendor.
It comes in an Aprilaire box and looks just like the original replacement that came with the installed unit. I'd say yes.
Top
"12-7/8"" x 10"" x 1-3/4"""
mine does not have the same look as those I threw out..a tiny bit of a white sheen but not at all a crust..I can easily see thru the mesh.
Sorry Richard - I do not know about the 500m series units. You may be able to download the dimensions for both units and see if they are the same size.
Aprilaire 35 is not a filter. It is water panel where water drips and evaporates and the vapors are then forced out with warm air. By filters, if you meant panels , then it is the same.
It could not really be easier. You should clean up the compartment it goes into which the Aprilaire recommends, but otherwise it is very easy.
Aprilaire 60 is a humidistat.
13x10 x1.1/2 inches in the box it says also for models 560 and 568. Hope it helps
i just measured ours and it is 12 1/2 inches W x 10 inches H x 1 1/2 inches deep. It fits in our furnace humidifier just fine. Hope this helps!
Hello, the washer and dryer are great products, they do not come with the stands and to purchase they are $250 each. So another $500
220 volts
The gas version of that model is the DLGX3071W. Unfortunately, it is has been discontinued and it no longer available for us.
The average time for a standard item to ship from the manufacturer is 10-12 business days and added time for transit as well. Generally around 3-4 weeks; sometimes sooner.
I called LG Customer Service to double check this. The representative that I spoke with said that the Flow Sensor light should appear. Please call 1.800.243.0000 and they will be able to help walk you through the testing process.
"Cast iron is not an issue, but I found that size is. Larger size pots make the unit heat up and trigger an automatic shut off. The manual that came with it reads ""Use cookware that is flat, suitable for induction heating and having a bottom diameter between 3.15 inches and 10.00 inches."""
The induction surface is 10 inches in diameter. Any pot that has a bottom that size or less will work. Our stock pot is 8 quarts and it works very well.
It is cool. But it will not turn on until it senses iron, steel. It will not turn on with copper, aluminum, glass, ceramic, and some stainless. When it senses the right magnetic material, it induces magnetic energy into the metal. When it does that the surface of the PIC does not get hot on it's own. The cookware gets hot very fast! When the cookware gets hot it will transfer heat to the surface of the PIC. This model has only 5 heat settings. I am completely satisfied. The units on TV are more sophisticated and more expensive. This Nesco is 1500 watts. I have tested this Nesco and it does not proportion the energy at its lower settings (like a microwave in defrost mode). Some do and can cause burning. Some more expensive I have seen are 1800 watts. This Nesco is a practical start to get to know what induction cooking is about. Experiment with what kinds of cookware is right for you. At a later time you can add another one or two. This could be the next cooking revolution since the microwave. Have fun exploring and cooking.
Yes, I have 2 NuWave Pic 14 and love them! I've had them for a few months and I believe they are the Cadillac of induction cooking. They have 6 levels of cooking with up and down buttons for 5 degree increments of precise cooking. For example, the med. high button shows 375 degree temp. but you can change that to any temp. you want by simply pushing the up, down button. I've only had the Nesco less than a week. I purchased it for when I cook for special occasions, but find I have cooked with it every day. Both are very good cooktops, one has all the bells and whistles and the other cooks just as well. By the way, the NuWaves cost me right under $210.00 delivered.
This cooktop is an electric appliance and doesn't work unless it is plugged into an electric outlet. It is portable because it is small enough to carry from place to place.
"The ""name plate"" on the bottom specifies 1500W at 120 volts. In my opinion it will be destroyed at 220 volts as well as attempting to operate it on direct current. AC only. hope this helps."
Yes
No it doesn't.
C1 is low about 60 watts C2 is about 175 watts C5 is about 1500 watts has on tempeture control just power level
No
Normal hole size for a dishwasher air gap is 1 3/8 inch
Yes it covers white base. You only see oil rubbed bronze.
It does, yes.
Yes.
Yes it has a lock it comes with 2 keys
Country of origin is China
It's not frostless, but it doesn't accumulate too much ice. I think it's good for the price.
286 / year so daily would be 0.784
This unit does not have automatic defrost.
Yes, ResMed uses reverse polarity and you will need the ResMed converter The other two people do not own RESMED CPAP and their answers are for reespironics or some other brand.
I bought one for a series 60. It came with a cord to use with charging it from a car battery, as well as detailed instructions for doing so. However, I'm planning to charge mine just from the wall outlets at home before a trip since I'm unlikely to need it for more that two days. I use the lowest pressure setting--4.0--and it ran for two nights on the battery with the humidifier without running out of power. However, I understand that the battery lasts for shorter periods as the pressure setting increases, and for some people this means humidifier use isn't possible.
"Yes, the CPAP Battery Pack will work with a REMstar Plus as long as it is not the latest ""60 Series"" unit. To check if your REMstar Plus is a ""60 Series"" machine look at the bottom of the CPAP and see if you find the numbers 260P or DS260 or something similar. The number ""60"" indicates the unit is from the 60 Series which requires a different power cord than the one supplied with this battery pack."
This CPAP battery is rated at 100Wh.
I've only gotten two nights out of one full charge. If i have a 3+ day camping trip, I'm SOL. I hope this helps
yes you can don't know how long
No idea since I don't use that model. You'll want to consult the manual for either your bipap or the battery. You can probably google and find them both. I can tell you that I didn't need anything extra for my Respironics.
It would run it, it's just unknown how long it would last. Check out the times of operation On the web sight for Respironics for various Capp machines. You'll have to figure the load.
You can buy an inexpensive generic DC to AC adapter that will allow you to plug any CPAP device into it . Once you do that, you can think of it as a battery powered wall outlet.
Dear, I would like to confirm if this battery meets the model Sincrony II and what is autonomy using this Bipap? Looking forward to returning to perform the purchase.
It will, the box states that it will work on Amana model numbers Puriclean II 12589203 12589206 12589208 `12589201. Hope that was helpfull. Al Bybee
The taste with the Swift replacement was worse than no filter. I used one of the 3 pack for about 3 weeks and the taste did not improve. I removed the filter and replaced it with the original equipment Maytag filter bought at Home Depot, and that solved the problem.
I am not sure, but they have lasted us about the same time as the original filter supplied by the MFG, about 6 months. We are a family of two.
I'd say at least a year. It depends on how much water you push thru it.
Sorry, KA customer care might know.
Hello Ms. R., I cannot answer your question. The only suggestion I may make is to type in your model number and allow Amazon to determined which filter is correct. That process is what I did.
My refrigerator
in the right hand side of the fridge. very easy
Sorry can,t help we have a may tag French door
I purchased for this all 3 filters. Put 2 away for later use. It comes with a sticker to label the filter you put in the fridge so you remember when you replaced. Very great value for my purchase. 100% happy.
I have a magic chef. It doesn't fit well, but it works. Another thing is, this is the third time I have bought one of these burners; my stove has what is called high speed and standard burners. I want the standard but I keep receiving the high speed. I continue to buy these things because I live in the Republic of Panama and they are hard to find.
Yes this will fit.these come in colors so if black is what you want then ok.there are some aftermarket burners that are cheaper and will work they just don't lock into the opening they just sit there but they will save you money.
Yes
black
Yes
Sorry dont know...I have a magic chef
Yes, this will fit your model
Yes 50%
Yes it does.
I really don't know. I just looked at the picture and hoped it was like the burner I had and it was. I don't know my stove model as it was already in the house when I moved in. Sorry.
"No the installation depth is 30.25"" The measurement around the base where it touches the floor is what is listed with the machines. They don't measure the circumference of the machine at the middle with the doors and stuff that sticks out for installation is the back we measured 30.25"". Plus you need to take into account the door must stand open at least an hour after use for proper drying to prevent mold in the machine. I love my machine but the fit is tight and the door being open in to our hallway can be a problem. I've learned something else the LG needs to be drained at least once every few weeks depending on use. There is an additional drain in the machine that collects the little trickle of water wrung out in the spin cycle. This drain is very difficult to use if the machine is setting on the floor. I would recommend buying the storage drawers that the machine set on if you are not stacking this on a dryer. Go for it."
This one is 110V But I'm sure you can request a 220v if you wish as I'm told its cheaper on your bill
Yes. Exclusively. You're not supposed to use any other kind with that machine.
with the machine on, but no cycle selected try pressing the spin button. On mine that sets up 14 mins of spin. You can then choose how hard to spin and hit start.
normal wash is 49 minutes
I believe there is (although I didn't need a new dryer). LG's washing machines seem to start with WM, and their dryers start with DLE. So DLE2650 would be the mate to this washing machine.
My manual was clear: 12 o'clock position, INTENSIVE (STRONG). 2 o'clock, NORMAL. 4 o'clock, ECONOMY. 6 o'clock, RINSE. 8 o'clock, RAPID WASH. 10 o'clock, SOAK.
yes, hose which is stored in back nicely when not in use. an adapter for your faucet although I had to buy a second rubber washer so that it didn't leak when the dw was on. It also comes with a white funnel for the salt aid. In my long review I had said the salt aid light stayed on even after I used the machine, but it has since turned off... maybe it just needed time to 'soak in' but it works well now. Plug is long, also stored in back. The only thing you really need to buy is dishwasher detergent and a rinse aid (I use Jetdry) for the slots inside, and the salt aid which is put through the funnel on the inside. Found it hard to find, $25 some places but finally found 2 pound bag for $8 on amazon by whirlpool. Says it can take up to four pounds but I just used the 2 to see if it worked. So far so good. very happy with it, very very quiet, easy to roll around.
It comes in a Danby box with a picture of the appliance on the outside.
The easiest way is to turn on the dishwasher and start a cycle which will let the water out before it starts a new cycle, then turn it off. According to the manual, a small amount of water collecting at the bottom of the dishwasher is normal, but if it seems like too much, this would probably be the best way. The other way might be to remove the lower shelf and let a towel sop it up, but my first recommendation would likely be simpler.
"If you have a standard faucet with an aerator that unscrews or a faucet with screw threads on it. What does not work is the faucet head that pulls out and becomes a sprayer. If you have a doubt you can order a faucet adapter for $7.99. Just type ""Danby faucet adaptor"" in Amazon search."
No need to call a plumber- you just hook it up (easily) to your faucet when you want to use it, and then unhook it when it's done.
The hose is pretty short ( about 3-4 ft) but is easy to detach and reattach to move. It's on wheels and moving it is simple. Mine has to sit directly in front of the sink. You can also buy longer hoses for it.
Not that I know of. We have to wheel our washer pretty close to the sink, I wish the hose was a bit longer too.
I copied and pasted the section from the operators manual that describes each wash setting. Hope this will help. The setting on the machine that has the stemware symbol corresponds to Rapid Wash in the Operators Manual. A bit confusing perhaps. I routinely put items in my Danby that friends with full size dishwashers are afraid to put in theirs, and I've never had any issues. I think the key for delicate items is loading the dishwasher so dishes can't bang around RAPID WASH Glassware: For lightly soiled loads, such as glasses, crystal and fine china
I suppose you could remove the wheels, but then it would be 2-3 inches lower than a standard countertop. The hose is only about 3' long and must drain into the sink or a pipe, with the faucet directly above it. It only fits over a typical kitchen or bathroom style faucet, not a threaded one like for washing machines. They do make a version for permanent installation. I recommend buying from Walmart in case you need to return it for any reason.
It should fit if you use the round keg shelf that came with the kegerator. I use 1/4 kegs in mine and with the shelf they fit perfect.
You might be careful with that. This cooler needs fresh air and not enclosed within a cabinet. You will also require some kind of blower to keep the beer line cold on your extension, otherwise your first couple of beers after it sits will be primarely foam.
I DID NOT BUY THIS UNIT
I installed this under an outdoor kitchen outside in Jacksonville Florida did not receive any complaints so it must be working well
You can get it below freezing if you want. There is no temperature gauge, so you need to put a thermometer inside and inside and play with it a little, but it will get as cold as you want.
Will get back to u on this one
My Son-in law did that and it works fine. The distance (tubing) to the tap need to be short to keep it cool.
It comes with a CO2 tank but it will need to be filled with CO2. Also another good thing to get but not necessary is a kegerator cleaning kit. Other than that your good to go!
yes
The tank sits outside of the kegerator, so you can hook up any size tank you'd like, The line runs through and air tight hole out of the back. There's a tank holder that attaches to the back, but i think it only holds up to a 5gal tank.
I ordered this thinking it was a cooktop, but its just a cover for it! I sent it back. I found a black stove with the cover on another site, can't remember or I would share.
No. Only a flat cover.
The covers for the two burner pictured are onlyoffered in the stainless steel.
"Suburban 2-burner drop in dimensions: 11 5/8"" wide x 16 3/8"" length x 3 1/8"" deep Suburban 3-burner drop in dimensions: 16 1/8"" wide x 18 15/16"" length x 3 1/8"" deep"
First, this is just a cover, not a cook top. The dimensions are 13 7/8 by 18 1/4 inches. When I first ordered this I thought I was ordering the cook top. I ended up getting the cool top that matched.
As compared to others yes, but any fan creates sound when moving air through the filters. All in all very satisfied with performance of this product.
No, it is adjustable during installation only to get you proper height from the fan to the stove top for proper draft.
No it does not
I don't know but I will tell you that the quality of this hood is great, we have had it installed for quite awhile and not a single problem.I would highly recommend this hood.
I think a 30 over 30 is fine. I've been renovation homes for 15 years and see no problem with that. Coincidentally though just last night I noticed the plastic tabs to remove the two screens have melted. This could be because I installed the hood over a commercial grade range in my home. I don't know, but I'll need to now have those parts replaced. The fan is quiet and that's a plus.
my ceiling is only 8 ft and the hood works fine. There is a standard height above the oven that is a code. I am not sure of the exact distance, but I know my setting on the fan meets that code. The fan adjusts with two stainless steel sleeves that allow you to set the distance within a range. Again, I do not have those measurements in front of me, but this fans works in a kitchen with an 8 ft ceiling. Hope this helps.
Decibel level, it's the amount of noise the fan creates while running. I have this particular fan and it isn't very loud on low or medium but while on high it can be noisy. I'm ok with this though because you will be hard pressed to find a 900 cfm fan that isn't, especially for this price.
"Just measured; 24"" would be the absolute minimum. As to the unit, I would highly recomend this as a quiet, efficient, good looking unit"
Very happy with this product. My is vented thru the roof. I strongly suggest this setup
I dont think so. At full extension mine only reaches 45 -50 down from the roof
Some where in the manual it will tell you not to expect the washer to fill with water. I know exactly what you are talking about. I was wondering about the water level when we got ours, but I found the answer in the book. These machine are built to use very little water. I hope this helps.
2012
oh yes! the letters wear off very quickly. although i only got one replacement out of LG. the technician blames the user. but i have other household appliances which are decades old and the lettering is still clean and crisp as day one. the silver decalling has also oxidized very quickly. i have relatives with LG machines with the same issues.
"I am sorry this is a different washer then I thought. After reading the listing, I would have to say ""yes"" it does include it all. Washer, dryer and the stand's."
All Amazon orders include our White Glove level shipping. This service includes in-home delivery, un-boxing of products and removal of packing materials, and placement in the room of your choice and is available within the continental 48 states. It does not include installation or plugging in. For more information, please contact our customer service department at 1-888-768-1710.
May not come with box.....suggest you confirm...We had to return as only the coin slide was received.
Yes the kit includes both those items
Yes it is same as the posted but I didn't post it. I bought one.
"Hello Nora: I purchased this product a month ago and would NOT recommend anyone else purchase it. First, it does not come with the coin reservoir in the photo (the steal bottom). Second, you would need a timer or way to tie into the power source. I had a professional electrician and he bought a specialist who works on slot machines in Las Vegas to try to install. They tell me it's impossible or would cost more to engineer than the washer is worth. I could not get any straight answers when I made the purchase if it would work on my machine, so I look at it as a $90 learning opportunity. I would recommend just buying a coin-operated washing machine. I have found Home Depot to have the best pricing available. Be careful when shopping online, I have found some ""great deals"" on coin op washer and dryers on websites like Best Buy, but when you read the fine print the machine does not come with the coin op shown in the photo."
Yes it can. That what I use it on
I don't believe it could convert a commercial washer into a coin-op
no it does not, it only top device to put coin in and coin collector on the bottom. I have to buy coin insert extra to collect all 8 coins it only comes with 4 coin insert.
Yes I've purchased two others before. It comes with the keys and one timer, you can purchase other timers
you'll only get the coin slide, it's meant for replacements on existing coin op machines, not to convert.
Hi its not a coin machine like in picture. Only coin slide and coin box that goes in coin machine in foto
Paula, I have never before heard this issue raised, but I appreciate the information. If that spot is scratch-prone, we can let future customers know to be mindful of this and take extra precaution. Thanks so much. Sincerely, JR Hill Goedekers.com
"Unfortunately, this is an inherent design flaw. There is no ""fix"", software updates often make it worse. There are a couple of work-arounds: For small loads (these make it go out of balance a lot) try ""baby wear"", otherwise the larger the load the less likely you will get UE code. Remember, if you see the Capital ""UE"" vs. the lower case ue, it means that the machine has filled with water and emptied several times trying to even out the load, wasted huge amounts of water, and then just shut off. I recommend giving to charity and taking a tax write off."
We had a problem initially with water overflowing from the drain hose, but we extended the pipe with another pipe so it would extend deep into the drain pipe (6+ inches) and then clamped a rubber sleeve around the joined area. It works like a charm now.
Is the hot water supply to the washer actually hot? Is there a long run of pipe to the water heater (water that has to be used up before the hot water appears)? Is the wash water hotter if you shut off the cold supply temporarily as a test? Do you have an on-demand water heater that maybe can't keep up? By the way, it seems like for the WARM water setting, this washer does not mix hot and cold to produce a specific target temperature. It just turns both on and you get what you get. It's up to you to adjust the valves of the supply (usually closing the cold valve slightly) to achieve the right temperature water for WARM.
We have had this washer for the last two months and have had no issues with the glass lid. What kind of problems are you anticipating?
No, pedestal is separate purchase.
It's all stanless except for the control panel. So if you are looking at the picture, you see the control panel above the door, from left to right is all plastic where all controls are. That is the only plastic on here.
"The washer has a ""magnetic door plunger"" which holds the door ajar after finishing a wash cycle to allow air to circulate. The mildew problem some people face arises from not using this feature after each wash."
i would not recommend any lg product because of the run around they gave me when the machine broke. but the normal wash with no added param is 53 min
It should work great. However, this replacement heating coil is made from a folded metal strip rather than using a coiled wire type. It will simply look different compared to the other elements in your cooktop when they're turned on and glowing.
Yes it was fit and grate
I would think so.
"I am not for sure for your smooth top. Best suggestion I can give is to ""Google"" your model number to see if this element will work. Hope this help"
Yes, they work good so far. Thanks
you need to google to make sure it work for your whirlpool.
Sorry, Couldn't tell you. Your best bet is to Google your part number and see what you come up with. If it does fit, it only takes 5 minutes to replace.
Yes. 6inch in diameter.
It will fit however it is 1500 W. According to http://www.appliancepartspros.com/cooktop-parts-for-whirlpool-rf262lxsb0.html and http://www.youserguide.com/wiki/Whirlpool_Repair_Part_List_-_8188346-001 for your model is more suitable part # 8523698 (1200 W) http://www.ebay.ca/itm/8523698-Whirlpool-Stove-Surface-Element-8523698-PS650810-AP3178813-/151144067477 or http://www.appliancepartspros.com/frigidaire-surface-element-318178110-ap3960308.html. Useful links: http://www.youserguide.com/wiki/Whirlpool_RF262LXS, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Db0D9jjU50. fell free to contact me if you have a question.
No, it is not I don't remember seeing a label to that effect
Hi, Mine is electric and so far I have no complaints
Sorry it doesn't. I was a little frustrated about it. So far it's still running good.
none of them are made that way
No
I personally don't think so.
No it is not stackable. The controls would need to be located in a different location for that to work.
You have to have some clearance on the top and sides. Have never had a failure and mine is between a wall and vanity in the master bath. I do have some room in back, though it is tight on side. Have over an inch of clearance on the top. Hope that helps.
My recollection is that the feet will come off since they are just a threaded portion with a plastic foot at the end. Note that my fridge currently isn't working properly...for what that is worth.
yes ,it lights up real nice
The glass shelves can be removed and adjusted to accommodate bottled beer. I removed one shelf which allowed for two shelves for bottled beer leaving space on the bottom to lay in 5 wine bottles
"Yes it will fit in that opening, the width is 23 1/2"" and the door swing needs less than 1/4"" clearance."
"Dimensions (without handle): 33 1/2"" H x 23 1/2"" W x 22 1/2"" D Dimensions (with handle): 33 1/2"" H x 23 1/2"" W x 24 1/2"" D"
yes the door is reverible Edgestar supplies all the hardware needed for the change. the one problem i ran into is that the plugs for the handle on the door are actually screws, i had to put tape around the screws and use vicegrips to remove them. you also need to make sure you put the insulation back around the inside of the door.
ours is a built in and it looks very nice.
You can adjust glass to fit at least 48 bottles plus six or seven on bottom.i researched under counter fridges for a while and am very happy I chose his one and can't beat the price.It holds temp well also
Not that I can see. Widows7 software works . Exports to text file.
The unit is battery operated and requires a USB connection to download the gathered data. However, I had to return the unit to the manufacturer since it failed very soon after I had it (about a week).
I don't know. I've never tried to hook it up, but if I get a chance today, I will try it. We run W7 here. Joe
Yes, a mini CD is included. Software installed easily on my Windows OS computer.
YES
Yes
no to all three questions. Mine would not record sub zero temperatures, even the replacement
Yes
Our KW-6002A is NSF rated for 400 gallons.
It is NSF 42 rated.
For NLC240V. WATER TASETES HORRIBLE.
"The box says it is ""Assembled in China""."
I am very happy with my replacement filter, it appears to remove nasty taste and odors. Normally I don't allow it to get to room temps, but I have had the ice melt completely in drinks of water and never had a bad taste or odor.
"Looks like Hong Kong - ""for"" a place in N.J."
"The box on the WF285 replacement water filter states that it is a replacement water filter for Kenmore 9010. This water filter is about 10"". I ordered it by mistake once. (I actually needed the shorter one). Hope this helps."
Yes it matched. I did not use the entire extension as it was larger than the pieces that came with the hood vent itself.
"The body of the hood only vents from the top, but you could easily pot a 90 degree 6"" round elbow in the chimney if you have room above the hood. Be aware that each elbow or bend in the duct will significantly reduce the allowed total length though."
Yes. I have all Samsung appliances and it matches fine. Blue led matches the fridge too. I'll snap a photo if u need.
The hood range was only installed two weeks ago and so far there has not been any problems with the unit. The fan controls work as specified as do the halogen lights. Should a problem occur in the future with this range hood, I will notify both Amazon and the manufacturer. I did purchase the extended warranty policy for this item based upon some of the issues that were reported by some of the other purchases of this hood range brand. Walt M.
As a former Chief Engineer for the USN I became of DBs and the impact on hearing. We have had this Unit for over a month and even and 900 CFM the DB level is reasonable. At the lower settings, 1-4 it is quiet and below the average for a comparable Unit. I do recommend it. By the way, in a closed environment (Central Air) I recommend cracking a window kitchen to allow the unit to remove air from the kitchen.
They do, but you have to hold the button for a few seconds and then it changes intensity on it's own. You let up when you get the desired brightness. The rear lights are great. They light up the back half that is in the shadow from room lights. Enjoy.
very close.
The blower's very strong, and it'll blow grease all over the kitchen. Filters are the same, but vendor might sell a charcoal filter.
"6"" round"
For the outside? No. I had to get one from a local hardware store.
I find it too sensitive and it would randomly come on so I dont use the auto setting. I also had to put a dot over the remote sensor as it was the same as the tv and everytime we turned on the tv the hood would come on. I do love it but one other thing is the.bulbs are not replacable and are not very bright. It is very efficient though and clears out smoke and steam quickly even on low speeds. Easy to clean also. .
I wouldn't call it easy, it take quite a bit of know how to run the vents, secure it to the cabinet, and cut the holes in the cabinets. It's also very heavy but the hood is well worth it. It works great!
Hello Arnie, Unfortunately we only have the exhaust vent coming out of the top and not out of the back of any of our models. Thank you, Range Hood Direct Buy
"If you can find an adapter, you can. It may not be a good idea to shrink the size of vent since this is a powerful vent and the matched vent pipe size will fully take its max vent function. 5"" vent size is kind of too small, but you can if you have no other choice."
Yes, we are pretty happy with it. The switch controls works by hovering the fingers on it, not by press. It is doing a great job for us
"Based on my research before purchasing, the difference between these 2 units, per the XtremeAir website, is that the PX10-U30 features ""4-speed screen touch sensitive electronic control w/ blue LED display; programmable 1-15 minute delayed power auto shut off; and remote control."" The UL10-U30 has ""3-speed mechanical EZ push buttons""; no touch display, no delayed auto shut off and no remote control. the PX also offers sensor operation, and I don't see that listed among the features of the UL. Bells and whistles in terms of the controls is the primary difference as far as I can tell. As to whether it's a ""true 900CFM"", I can't tell you for certain, but I can tell you that I've been extremely happy with the suction and smoke evacuation from this unit, not to mention the quietness. Installation was a bit of a bear, and definitely not one-man job. It's not overly ""complicated"", just that the unit is heavy and cumbersome and you definitely need to be methodical. But, if you take your time, go step-by-step (and have some help), I think you'll be as happy with the unit as I am. Hope that helps."
I can't really tell anymore because it's install and you can't see. If I had to guess, I would say about 2 or 3 inches. It is a great vent though.
The product PX10-U30 has a Ten-years Motor Limited Factory Warranty but this is only through the manufacturer of the product, Xtreme Air USA.
I think recommended distance is 26 inches.
You need to and see what the code is for where you live.
"I based my selection of this filter on the lab report linked here ""http://crystalquest.com/Water%20test%20Multi-Stage.pdf"" I am not a chemist and have not tested the water since attaching this filter to our ice maker. Understand that the report does not indicate from what model number the water was tested and that this test is from the Crystal Quest website. To be more specific as to answering your question---if chlorine is chloride ""http://www.nutriology.com/chloride.php"" then, yes, it is filtered out but not 100%. As for chloramine ""http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chloramine""---the report lists different Dichlora*, Chlora* and Trichlora* compounds that are filtered out. On a personal level, the ice looks better and tastes better. I also noticed the cubes completely freeze now whereas, before the filter, the ice was not. I have not adjusted the freezer tempurature or ice timing."
"1/4"" plastic tubing into the filter. The t-joint to tap into the line is 1/2"" i believe"
We change ours once a year. Not sure if that is what is recommended though...
Fully assembled it is about 15 inches, you'll need another 10 inches to install the filter. I have mine installed as an external filter for the refrigerator water & ice, so I don't have a space issue. I measured under my sink and I have a good 25 inches in height on the inside. I'm sure if I had a drinking spout faucet I could install it under there without issue. Make sure you have a good 10 inches from the mounting surface to allow room for the special wrench to fit over the casing too. G'Luck!
It works on any fridge that has a water hose line in the back.
No. This is a tall tub model.
Rea, this unit has a drain hose that is designed to be hooked onto or placed in a sink or laundry tub for draining. Maytag does recommend that the sink be able to drain at least 7gpm.
No. Black or white
I guess it depends on how full you would pack it. It isn't any louder than others we have owned. But I definitely would not want to sleep next to it!
Everyone is used to water going to the top of the basket on the old machines. The new design, and to meet the new regulations, only allows water to fill half way up the basket. If you don't overfill with clothing, you can't stuff the machines like in the old washers, it works reasonably well .
"I say that you can... I've washed a twin comforter in mine with no problem. It pretty well filled the tub and that's all I washed in that load. Please note that if the washer is the least bit out of level, it will wobble and even ""walk"" across the floor. This is a pretty heavy load and the spin cycle is a speedy 700 revolutions per minute. Also be sure to use HE detergent and maybe just a wee bit more than usual."
this machine does an excelleny job. I was told that the real expensive front load machines suffer from drum odors because you can not leave the door open when not in use. You get high effiency from this machine and no issues. I would consult Readers Digest, but I read the reviews of the folks. The best barometer.
From Manufacture specs: Volts/Hertz: 120V; 60Hz
Hmmm - never had that problem, although my drain tube is a little lower...about 2ft 9inch.
No
Yes, water can be added manually. Just watch closely and don't overfill or you'll have water on the floor.
If you are using the towels and sheets cycle it uses a soak cycle. Try a different setting.
This is a GE piece;
Dear Lyricallulu, According to GE, there could be several causes for the unit not operating. I have listed the troubleshooting causes from the manual to check below. If you have checked all of these and still have not corrected your problem, we recommend you contact GE for service at 1-800-432-2737. Wahser is Unplugged Water Supply is turned off Controls are not set properly Lid is open Circuit Breaker/Fuse is Tripped/Blown Electronics need to be Reset Start Button Was not Pressed Lid Magnet is Missing
"It is about 10.5 inches wide by 13.75 inches deep. It's 3.5 inches from the bottom of the feet to the top of the ""fingers."" The tray part is about 0.625 inch deep and the fingers stand about 2.5 inches above the tops of the ridges in the tray. The feet are about 0.25 inch high, i.e., there is about 0.25 inch clearance between the bottom of the tray and the surface the rack is sitting on. All measurements made by me using a Stanley tape measure and a Mark I eyeball."
I do find my water bottles drying out faster ;)
It occasionally gets gunky. If it's light, I just spray with a cleaner (I use white vinegar), let it sit for a minute, then rinse off. When it looks grungier than that, I put the whole thing in the dishwasher, and it comes out spotless.
What do you mean? Do you mean the distance between the fingers?
White - it looks just like the picture.
I don't think they are removable. good luck!
my dad placed a dinner plate on it and it fell off. I don't know how he did this. I've never had this problem. Maybe if you place large plates parallel to the drainage channels, it would help. I only use this for the incidental items that I don't want to put in the dishwasher.
An inch. There is a tiny bit of flex in the pegs, so I haven't had any issues. I use it for bottles and pump parts - wish I had it months ago!
The pegs are in a 7 by 8 array, for a total of 56. The ends of the pegs are coated with plastic, a different kind of plastic than the body of the rack; it is slightly less slippery than the body of the rack but I would not call it non-slip. The coating flares out a little, kind of like an elongated matchstick, and this flare provides a bit of mechanical grip on plates. I have never had anything slip off or out of the pegs. I highly recommend this rack.
It is made of a stiff plastic, so you could probably drill holes in the bottom.
It is a washing machine, but it is not obnoxiously noisy. Do not put it in the babies room.
Yes, I have even washed my King comforter in it.
25 3/4 inches wide, measured across the front, 27 1/2 inches deep.
Yes, that is correct.
It offers hot, warm, and YES cold.
It's electric and a wonderful washer
"It fills back up for the rinse cycle, so clothes are actually rinsed out. This washer uses water to wash clothes versus the HE models that use ""tumbling and movement"". That's why clothes are so much cleaner. The HE model that I had really was not as energy efficient as it claimed to be because with the self balancing making the cycles long and when the machine was not in use, the lights and the computer system was still on, the only way to make it not ""ghost"" electricity was to unplug it after each use. I so love this simple machine, wish I had purchased it sooner."
Mine does not but I find buzzers distracting, so I don't mind. Plus, the machine's spinning makes some noise and I can tell when it's through.
Yes
I am very satisfied with this washer. I do not know how it handles lint but it is not a problem. Black garments come out fine.
Yes without the bottom draw only if the washer is on the ground.
Step ladder???
I have used both liquid and powder homemade laundry soap. We haven't had any problems at all, although we have only had the washer for a few months. I think if you have a low sudsing formula and use an appropriate amount, you would be fine (just like any other detergent.....you don't need much)
I've never had any unbalanced load issues.
Just go 2 inches wider than the base dimensions
Depends on the load. If you fill the drum and use the full capacity of the washer the load will take about 1:20. For a small or normal load it will take around 40 minutes. The smaller the load the faster it is.
yes
I don't have a max but my well is always over 80 PSI and under constant pressure. I am sure this thing can handle anything the schedule 40 PVC pipe can handle. It is built like a tank. Very high quality.
I recommend the manufacturer filters and I think they offer several options. I use the carbon filter to knock out the chlorine primarily
! inch but you can get reducer couplings that go from 1 inch to 3/4 or 1/2. Best if you use 1 inch in though.
"I tapped mine to a 3/8 coarse and used 3/8 by 1"" stainless bolts"
"The manual states...""These units are intended for non-commercial use. They should be used only in ambient air temperature of between 35F(2C) and 100F(38C). Placement of these units in direct sunlight or use of electrical heatting equipment on these units must be avoided."" The units are designed to filter water as it is fed into the house from the street."
I am a plumber . I install about 6 a year inside. I dont no what the sun will do to the Plastic. Call the company that makes it
Yes
Yes, depending on the filter that you use. The filter that came with this housing reduced but did not eliminate the smell. I now use a Culligan level 4 fine sediment filter, which removed the surfer order. With my well I need to change it every month, but your results will vary.
"I did not mount the bracket on this particular filet but I have used short 1/4""lag bolts on similar filter housings."
Yes it does .
Steps to replace the LED bulb is on Page 9 of the manual. * Check if the range hood has been plugged in. * Make sure that all power has been turned back ON * Swap out light assembly to working ones to determine whether it is caused by defective bulbs. A. Make sure the range hood is unplugged or turn OFF breaker. B. Pop out the light by pressing behind the light fixture (you must remove the air filter first to do this) C. Install new light bulb D. Put the light set back by pressing it in E. Plug in and range hood to test for operation I hope this helps.
Sorry I can't help. I had to return mine as it did not fit my situation and was too low. Good luck, Dave
Hello, Range hood includes box.
My gas range is right below the XtremeAir PX12-U30 hood and the clearance between the two is 27 inches. You question is for the clearance between the cupboard and the cooking surface and I don't have an answer. typically the XtremeAir hood is installed right ABOVE the cooking range.
2 years Parts and 10 years Motor.Please call us if you have more questions.Sincerely,DiscoBath.
I think it should be at least 16 inches. I made a mistake when I bought the unit and had to return it since it was too low for my stovetop. Wave
Yes
Yes
Dear Snchra, Thank you for your interest in our range hood. Please be advised that the only difference between the 2 models is just the look of it: the PX10 has a rounded corner while the PX12 has the square corner. Regards, Customer Support Team
As best as I can tell, the PX 02 has 3 baffle filters and a remote control while the PX 03 has 2 baffle filters and no remote control. I got this information from a chart on page 4 of the Installation Guide and User's Manual available on the XtremeAir website.
Yes, the chimney pieces that come with it are fully adjustable and extend to fit 8'-9' ceilings.
Dear Robert. We spaced the hood fan 32 inches above the stove.
Yes
only to the wall.
"Yes, it will fit. My opening was 30"" and there was enough room on both sides. Great range hood and I highly recommend."
Yes
Unfurniturely the extension is not longer enough for a 10 foot ceiling!
do what seems comfortable for you Jorge. We found the hood to be very strong and this height worked for me. Also I installed a pot filler that needed room inbetween the stove and hood.
Hi Mike!DUCT SIZE: 6 inch round duct vent on top.Sincerely,DiscoBath.
"The outside dimensions of the unit are 35 1/2"" wide X 20 1/2 deep"
Dear Deyu, The wall side of rise/chimney have stainless steel outer.
"As documented on the xtremeairusa website, the hood itself is 10"" high and it comes with a chimney that covers the venting that telescopes from 15 3/8"" to 30 3/4"". Longer chimneys for higher ceilings are available. I had to have the chimney cut down for a higher mounting. This is an extremely well made hood that I've had for 4 months -- and I love it. Website: www.xtremeairusa.com"
Yes
Yes
Dear Roumen, Xtreme is not providing any solution for that, but we just called them, they have advised to purchase 6-8 or 6-10 hood adapter from home depot or lowes. Please let us know should you have any more questions. -- Regards, Christian Bowen Office Manager Firstlook, Inc Office: 917-588-9387 Cell: 347-770-0044 Fax: 718-266-3534
Hello, The depth of this hood is 20 1/2. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time should you have any questions. Regards, Andrey Bogan 3477700044
Yes, it is made out of aluminum, very sturdy.
I bought two of them, but they are sold by , not in pair. I bought it long time ago, still using - great stuff.
"About an inch to 1.25"" - it's meant to cover small gaps. It's been a life saver for keeping the stove clean on the sides and keeping bits from falling between. I LOVE mine!"
silver metal finish
I never really thought about checking. I have been using mine for about a year now. Have had no problems with mine. I like it because it does not bend or warp like the others.
Only one.
One year base factory warranty. Compressor is very good with a ten year warranty. Extended service plans to extend factory warranty to either three year or five year are available and very well priced. This is a great addition to any home!
What is your ice question ?
"My counters extend 26 inches from the wall. This refrigerator is 32"" in depth. We have ours about 4 inches from the wall, so it does extend well past the depth of our countertops. It did seem awkward to me at first, but I have gotten used to it and don't think about it anymore."
No, there is a place inside the fridge at the top.
I looked inside of fridge. It says 60Hz!
Sheryl, Unfortunately, I am not seeing anything in your owner's manual about door alarms. I would recommend that you call LG at 1-800-243-0000. They can provide you with troubleshooting over the phone and recommend an authorized service center in your area if necessary. ~ Sara at Goedekers.com
Yes. It crushes ice very well. The ice compartment is small and does not keep up with a family of 5.
Thank you for contacting Goedeker's ! http://www.goedekers.com/LG-LT700PC.html We have it on sale right now . Please copy the link !
Dear Julie, If you purchase with Goedeker's the appliance usually ships out in 7 business days. Once the item ships we will e-mail you a tracking number and then when it arrives at the terminal near you the shipper will call you and setup a delivery appointment. If you decide to order you can call 1-888-768-1710 and ask for Nathan. Thank you
No
that really depends on how often you cook and how much grease you generate. its safe to say one per year under average usage
I ordered and received one. I know there are two in the pictures, but under Product Information, it correctly lists one.
Its Broan part.
I'm not sure haven't been seeing any nor looking for any.
Metal
"this if off the broan website for this filter,Broan Model BPQTF Non-Ducted Range Hood Filter - 11-1/4"" X 11-3/4"" X 3/8"" - Fits Broan QT20000 Series, NuTone WA6500 Series, Sears / Kenmore 5205 and Sears Kemore 5215 Series Range Hoods"
11 1/2 x 11 1/2 inches
I don't see a question here!? If you have a question call the manufacturer.
Not here. I do also run an in-line filter from the water supply that I was using before we replaced the refrigerator with the Samsung.
I looked at the packaging on my filter and it does not mention NSF rating or approval.
"This isn't an answer to the question, but rather a repeat of the question and a response to the previous ""answers."" Mr/Ms Roby, if you don't understand the question, why did you write an answer? Ms Cowgirl, the Product Description says, ""This amazing instant water heater can be connected to the existing hot water piping."" So perhaps a better explanation is that YOU cannot hook it up to American piping. If NO ONE could hook it up to American piping, it wouldn't have a 4.4-star rating. Mr Curcie, what difference does it make WHY Ms O'Meara wants it hotter? A shower is not the only way people use hot water. Folks running a food truck, for instance, might need hot water over 100 to make hot tea, instant coffee, wash their utensils, etc. Using the example in the Product Description, tap water coming in at 56 will be heated 45 to 101. This is NOT hot enough for hot drinks, as 101 is only 2.4 above body temperature. Great for baby formula; not great for coffee. If the 101 water from one unit can be run through a second unit, a 45 temperature rise will yield 146 water, which IS hot enough for coffee and hot tea. The biggest problem with Amazon's Q&As is people chiming in with ""answers"" when they don't really know the answer. So how about it? Does anyone (including the seller) actually know the answer to this question? Or are we supposed to be satisfied with ""I don't know,"" ""I don't understand,"" ""I could only guess,"" and ""Why would you want to?"""
Vent free means it does not require a vent to the outside in order to be installed. I just installed one in my rv but I found that I had to install it in the basement where there was enough clearance on the top. The exhaust on the top of the excel gets way too hot, so I felt it would be better where there was plenty of room around it so nothing would melt or burn. I love it though. I can happily take a 45 minute shower if I want.
You will have to turn the volume of water down. Install a gate valve before the heater and turn it half closed. These are great little units but if the incoming temperature is low they don't have enough btu's to raise the temp that much. Hope this helps.
Cpvc fittings are the only ones I found that fit. I was dumbfounded. I tried every legitimate fitting and none worked.
You'd need to check with your local building inspectors and make sure it complies with code. Ours in installed in a large single-room rural cabin.
Water pressure must be between 20 psi and 120 psi Thank you
I had mine mounted outside and found the wind would blow it out. I mounted it inside under my kitchen sink and it works flawlessly.
No
When u turn on the hot water at the faucet, do u turn on just the hot? Because my heater turns off the moment I turn on the cold water. I think it must have something to do with the amount of pressure the water is coming in and out of the water heater. It has to be at a minimal pressure or the heater will not operate properly. When I turn on my cold water to mix with the hot, I guess it reduces how much pressure I'm pulling from the heater so it turns off. Although when I'm taking a shower, my shower head allows for a higher gpm (gallon per minute), so I can have both the hot and cold water running at the same time in my shower only.
This stupid thing would not adapt to any plumbing fittings that we could find here, it's a shame because it would have been nice to use it!
Obviously, the big difference is the price. However, in my research I found the parts that attach to your machine may be slightly different with different part numbers. Therefore, it will not fit your machine hook ups or plug in parts, thus creating a leak or bad electrical connection. To be sure what part # is correct check the part number and match to the part number you are replacing. If there are no numbers on part you want to replace, look at the specific model and make of your machine and match that way. Each manufacturer has specific # on their parts for each model of machine they sell. Descriptions also in listing with part stating what machine or model they go with. Numbers could also be engraved on original part too. If you still aren't 100% sure it's the correct part for your machine, call the 800# for the manufacturer of your machine. They can generally give you help with part numbers. In closing, if you do order the wrong part, Amazon is very good about returns and replacements. Be assured you won't lose out and will be able to exchange for the correct part.
yes, it worked for me, yours same model washer as mine...appeared to be a direct replacement part. It replaced one that cracked during very cold weather...has been working flawlessly for 6 months now.
Yes
Hi, yes, this worked great for ours.
It worked on my estate washer it should work on yours compare what your broken one looks like but it should work.
Yes
I put this item in by myself. it's simple to repair and it works fine but, supposedly, clips holding the dial section are suppose to just snap out by popping it off. They did but, putting them back weakens them, second, the top of the washer are also just suppose to pop off. They did but I discovered it is also screwed in from the bottom up. I had to improvise a 3 foot screwdriver to accomplish my goal. The installation works fine and saved me no doubt 2 hours labor from a professional.
Those are different, it doesn't substitute.
Product Features *Part Number 297370600 replaces 297366100, 297241800, 297345500, 2020880, AH3502428, EA3502428, PS3502428.
"You might want to check ""repairclinic.com""--they have both models with reference to which control(s) the new number replaces. The one you are looking for is currently out of stock though. Have you checked the overload down by the compressor? If your controller is working but the freezer is not working you might want to check the overload down by the compressor before purchasing a replacement controller."
Yes is the same Part
Yes it will fit your freezer. The part # is frigidaires original part number. Common problem on that board and they have changed a resistor on the one you will get. Hope this helps you.
Yes
Believe me you won't regret buying one. My freezer would do all kinds of stupid stuff like door light won't work freezer would be extremly cold and won't shut off or compressor wouldnt turn on. Every thing would run fine if I pull the control panel board. Until the next day it would act up... has to be a bad compassitor.
I looked up my part and it was a different number, I guess just an updated part number. But it was real easy to install just pop the old one out and put the new one in, worked awesome
Yes, 297241800 was replaced by 297370600. The manual for my freezer calls for 297241800 but I replaced it with 297370600. That fixed my problem and it is running great again.
Yes
I was told by my doctor that I should replace it at least once a year not only due to possible bacteria but the plate on the bottom connects to the heater plate in your machine and it can cause the one in your machine to burn up (own experience) also your insurance company should provide 1 free per year but I keep extras just in case. These are better than the ones I get from the supply company!
Yes it will, that is what I have.
Hi Margy the gasket is the grey piece that is I between top n bottom of canister. The seal is attached to bottom canister. The two separate for easy cleaning.
no I don't think it does I have a dark top humidifier also and they dont interchange try cpap.com
No, I had to modify the top to fit my System One humidifier
I am not sure this humidifier will fit that type of machine.
You actually get 2 tops with this order. The clear top seems to be the same but it has some additional plastic under that is unexplained. I never tried to use it because it looks weird. The grey one is just like the one I had previously so I use that one. The gasket is on the water container so it works perfectly right out the box.
Not without a simple modification
It has only one light in the center of the top. It is blue and looks cool but definitely not a lot of light. Really illuminates no more than the top two shelves.
It's been great for me. I don't have a thermometer to chech it but it's been perfectly cold enough for me, and I live in Florida. What's cold enough to you may be semi-frozen, it's not that.
The door does not require any extra space
The shelves are adjustable, so you can use it for all bottles. I have mine set up for cans on the top two shelves and 12 oz. bottles on the bottom. if you want it to hold all bottles, you will have only one shelf and the bottom due to the height. Mine holds 20 bottles on the bottom, but the shelves go a little farther back and you should be able to fit 24 bottles on a shelf for a total 44 bottles in the fridge. You may be able to squeeze a few more bottles on the top shelf if you put them in on their sides.
yes it is. I have had it for a little over a year. The only problem i have had is that a couple of times it has stopped cooling. When i turn it off and then back on it functions correctly.
So far, in the 5 mos. we have used it, it hasn't built up any frost. I don't think it gets cold enough to warrant a frost free feature. It also operates very quietly.
No lock.
Yes wine can be stored in this unit. As to how many, That depends on the size bottle.
"The unit does have adjustable feet, however they are used for leveling the unit and will not adjust more than around 1/2""."
Not sure.. It's designed to be under counter (front vent), and the blue light makes it look even better in dim light...
no it doesn't. I ended up buying the pedestals from Best Buy because Amazon didn't have them.
yes
yes, the dryer is model DV457EVGSGR.
South Korea.
Thanks for your interest. The pedestal is an optional accessory that many people like to have because it raises the washer to a more comfortable height for loading and unloading, and also provides a place to store detergent and other items. - Ms. Samsung
the fridge makes half moon shaped cubes, but the crushed ice isnt quite as crushed as ive seen others make. the secondary ice catcher in the freezer section allows you to keep more ice on reserve if needed. the fridge has a ton of space, the led lighting is great, and the combination of those two things make it easy to find what you are looking for. i guessed at the counter depth and the fridge sticks out quite a bit more than i had expected, but i wouldnt exchange it because i love the thing....that and the restocking fee is about a third of the initial cost. good luck, -derek
You can reset the light by pressing and holding the Alarm button at the bottom left of the display for 3 secs. Then you may decide when you would change it. The light comes on every 6 months I think and if you do not use that much water, it may still have some life left. I change it once a year. Filter is located between the bottoms of the two fruit/veggie drawers. Do a search on water filter for this model, or see the filter type once you remove the old filter. I would first cut the water supply off, then slightly push and twist the filter front counter-clockwise 90 degrees and then pull. I hope that helps.
Had awful customer service, call after call, numerous repairs and finally had HHGREGG step in and had them take it back. Got an LG and love it. Would not go with a Samsung refrigerator again
I just did a quick test for you - 14 cans per shelf, not stacked!!! That is of course on the right door. Even the left door has unexpectedly high capacity.
Dear Cleaner Man, Per the manufacture the replacement filter is HAFCIN.
Half moon
Free Shipping offers vary, depending on the Seller you choose. Most often, free shipping includes residential curbside service. If you need more advanced services, such as inside delivery, it's available from most carriers at an additional fee.
Ice cold.
It does not do it very well. It barley moves. This is the worst machine I have ever had. It was checked and working correctly. It also distributes lint in everything.
We do not use the HQ detergent we use the regular detergent arm and hammer liquid or tide and everything comes out clean if we have a spot we also use Shout
"The ""nF"" error indicates that a Samsung washer has attempted to fill but is unable to do so. Check that your washer's water supply valves are opened, and examine the water inlet hoses for any kinks that might prevent water from reaching the appliance. Examine the fill hoses' inlet screens to make sure that they are not clogged as well. If this doesnt work, call it in for repair"
It is a normal appliance warranty. They do not cover not getting clothes clean. This machine just does not get clothes clean. They are covered in lint every time you wash. I have tried running the cleaning cycle before washing, nothing seems to help. We received a really good price from Lowes and now we know why.
I have no clue. I am getting a new washer-this one was never a washing machine, takes twice as long to not do the job; they hired a musician not an engineer to make this junk.
"I agree...we did our ""research"" and bought based on that when the model was new and those were the only reviews to go by. However we were do disappointed after $17k in damage caused to our home by the drain pump falling out the first time, only to have it fall out again. We were out all of our time and money plus had to buy another washer since we would never trust running that one again. If you feel comfortable buying it after all of the horror stories then go for it. Everyone's comfort level is different. But my experience is this is the worst purchase I've ever made and it ruined our lives for a year dealing with Samsung, insurance company, flooring installer, water remediation, mold issues, etc."
"Not as far as I know. If you are still under warrenty, they will help you, if you can call it ""help."" Otherwise, like myself, you are out of luck."
They are individually packaged in the LG box.
The model number you provide is accurate, however, I have been purchasing replacement LG water filters with the model number LT 700 P and they fit perfectly. Hope that helps.
Sorry, I don't see a filter listed for this model; are you sure that it has one to replace?
It would be best to take your filters into a home store and get what you need there. We had to return these, and I am not sure of the size... But they were really small. When I typed in my filter model number these came up first, so I was sure they would work (and was STOKED about the price!!). Then, like I said, had to return them. Sorry I couldn't answer your question specifically, but hopefully it helps.
My model number is LMX28988ST and the filters work just fine.
Nope. They are made in Mexico.
"Be aware that the front 8"" or so, is higher than the back part of the fridge. This is where the electronics and sensors go, as well as the top hinges for the doors. So, the back of the fridge which goes into our cabinet is 69"". To the top of the doors in front, it is 70.5"". Cabinet case width is 35.75"". Width with door open to 90 degrees is 44 5/8"". Depth from rear to front is 35 1/4"". From rear to door front (excluding doors) is 29 3/8"". Note, the doors do come off easily, though you will have several connectors as well as the hinges to deal with."
Yes it is. It has moments when the condenser may run and you might hear a slight noise, but by and large, this is a very quiet unit.
Unfortunately, no.
"Autofill will work with most glasses. Only ones that have had any problem are the ones that are short and come up to the bottom of the sensor. Regarding stock pots, you would have to hold the pot in place and most likely, the ""unstable container"" warning would stop it on Autofill. However, holding it in place with slight pressure against the back of the sensor will fill it like regular fill function. The bottom tray pulls out a few additional inches which allows a pitcher to be placed and Autofilled. One neat thing is that you can have ice in the glass and the sensor picks up the total volume and will not overfill."
Ge Rpwf Smartwater Replacement Filter
Yes, huge space and quiet!
No
L.Romero, I can't speak for HCCost, but with Goedeker's, shipping and white glove delivery are included with the price shown on Amazon.
36 inches. BUT we got it up to the tenth floor in an elevator with a 30-1/2 inch door opening. Of course, we had to take the fridge doors off, but that was not much of a problem.
The light isa toggle - press switch on and off!
"they are ""bullet shaped hollow cubes"". Makes Ice quick though, and we have been very happy with the purchase so far."
approx. 3 lbs
It will take just about 1 gallon of water to fill and will use it with 2 baskets of ice or so. I'd say it takes less than an hour for a basket. As far a production quantity I'm not sure. I will say it is faster and produces a lot more than a typical ice maker in a refrigerator.
120v
The Power supply lists 115V-60Hz 1PH. Hope that helps
I don't know how it works, but I think it does a good job. It does take some time.
i'm mechanically inclined so i'd tear it apart and find the problem area. start at the back of the unit and follow the owners manual breakdown of parts (schematic).
i don't know. i have only used it once and used the ice right away.
No. It is insulated, but the ice will gradually melt back into the water reservoir if it is not removed from the machine.
No it will not. You have to keep emoting it and putting it in the freezer
"It is: 19.5"" long, 3.75"" wide, Basket height is 5.5"" and the total height with the handle is 8.5"" high."
I agree with the two previous responses. It looked like the same one I had so went for it--it fit perfectly!
Yes
I really don't know anything abou Kenmore models. I own a Kenmore and I bought a new tray for the silverware and this one fit. That's all I can say.
"The slots are 1"". They'll take most silverware including butter knives."
"This replacement part fits my Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash Quiet Premium Dishwasher. The part measures 19 1/2"" long X 3 7/8"" wide X 8 1/2"" tall. It is white and the insides of my dishwasher are grey, but the color doesn't matter to me. I believe this part will fit many Kenmore and Whirlpool dishwasher models. Hope this helps"
I am not sure it will work. Looking at the actual basket for your model and comparing it to mine, it appears to me your model basket is slightly taller. Not sure due to ok pictures of each. I would only suggest trying it for the price, and be prepared to return. Amazon is usually pretty good in dealing with returns. At least in my experience. If not, go to Kenmore website, search for your model dishwasher and get the exact model number of basket you need. Then google to try and find the best price.
They lift up and can be removed.
Yes
Hi Andre, There are a number of variables that affect how much electricity is actually used by the dryer. The heater rating for the DV422EWHDWR is 5300 watts. Thanks for your interest, Ms. Samsung
The manufacturer's warranty on the WA422 Washer covers: One (1) year parts and labor, Two (2) years Control Board Parts, Three (3) years stainless tub part, Ten (10) years washing motor part. For more detailed information, you can download a pdf copy of the User Manual from Samsung's website. The written warranty can be found on pages 39-40. - Ms. Samsung
Thanks for the question. Many Samsung Washers do come with the hot and cold inlet hoses, but the WA422 does not. The drain hose, however, is factory-installed. - Ms. Samsung
I'm pretty sure it will. My manual says RS261M**. The BP model looks like mine.
There is a cross reference on the watersentinel.com website if you know the model number of the current Samsung filter you are using.
i did not experience any leaking and this filter fit just as well as the original. It also lasts forever!
That's what I have and it works great.
"I did a Google search and found your refrigerator takes an ""HAF-CIN"" filter. The Water Sentinel WSS-2 is the replacement for this filter as listed on the Water Sentinel box."
I found the taste to be worse than tap water and ended up purchasing the original Samsung filter.
I am a Plumber when I install a water softener I bypass the drinking water at the kitchen sink,also outside taps,toilets and fridge water supply. I do not drink water that has been processed through the brine in the Water Softener,or soften the water to the outside. So I need the fridge filter for drinking.
I'm not sure which. I have the RS265TD.
Yes
Yes I have a Samsung 2 door, 2 drawer fridge 25 ft . It uses the same filter as the 29 ft.
Yes, it fits just right.
There are 2 types of filters long skinny or short fat one. My Samsung frig used the long skinny one. I choose to save $25 an buy a knock off brand. I noticed immediately water flow is weak. Then my ice maker quit working. Replaced this filter with a samsung $50 water flow strong an ice maker works. So much for buying a cheaper filter didn't work for me. I'll pay the fifty bucks for a samsung filter from now on.
It Worked With Our Samsung I Dont knowTheSerial no
No trick. You do have to turn the filter while installing. Sorry you're having a problem, I had no problem with mine. My fridge is a Samsung Side by side .Maybe it's not the right filter for yours????. Wish I could be more help .
Probably will. Mine is a 263 and it fits a wide range.
Yes. That what I have and it fits well.
I don't know.
I don't know, sorry
Yes it will fit your Samsung fridge. I have the same model. However you should look carefully at what you want to filter. The WSS-2 is much cheaper than the Samsung branded filter for a reason. The WSS-2 specs say it removes chlorine only. It has no certification verifying that it removes anything. The Samsung filter cartridge replacement is tested and certified by NSF International to meet or exceed NSF/ANSI Standards 42 and 53 for the reduction of: 97.4% of Chlorine 99.3% of Lead at pH 6.5 99.3% of Lead at pH 8.5 99.99% of Cysts 98% of Particulates (Class I) 99.1% of Turbidity 94.6% of Atrazine 96.7% of Benzene 99% of Asbestos 99% of Lindane That is why it is more expensive. The WSS-2 works fine. I used them until I understood why there was a price difference.
Sorry---I don't know
Yes it does
Measurements from actual filter, 11-3/4 x17-1/4 x 3/8, Broan BPS1FA36. Hopes this helps.
no charcoal filter
2
yes... and they fit our Broan perfectly
yes
It worked for me
Yes and they fit our Broan hood perfectly. Ours arrived initially with only one in the box but a simple phone call had that problem resolved as a simple shipping error. No cost to us on the remedy. don't throw them away as they are washable and only the other piece needs to be replaced
Yes. I offrdered these and surprisingly only one filter arrrived. I contacted amazon and they said it most certainly should have shipped two. Another order was shipped immediatly at no charge. Good job by amazon.
Yes it is. The WFCB replaces the following alternate or obsolete filter numbers: 218710901, 218710902, 218732306, 218904501, 218904602, 218907800, 46-9906, 4609906000, 469906, 5303917752, 5303917937, 5303918017, 9906, 9906P, RC-101, RC-200, RC101, RC200, RF-200, RF200, SGF-F1,SWFCB, WFCB, WFCB-EFF, WSF-2
They are the same as the NGRG-2000.
I have a Frigidaire Gallery and the PureSource Plus works fine.
i really can't say as i had to look at my filter to make sure this was the right one.
Does not come with O-ring. Husband says that is in the refrigerator
Fridgedaire filters. We saved at least 50%
The filters I received were in original boxes and there were 3 boxes shipped in the order.
By not answering They answered it. No
No but keep them in a cool dry place
"I believe so, although as I recall it has an updated part number. The box says ""Frigidaire"" and it states, ""Use only genuine Frigidaire replacement water filters."" The filter model is ""ULTRAWF,"" it looks just like the original replaced filter, and fit perfectly."
We used to use Pur water filters as well before we purchased our new fridge. I used to love that i couldnt TASTE the water with the Pur filters :-) I can honestly say the electrolux filters are comparable and we have been using them for about 2 years now.
1. I have not experienced bad smell in filtered water. 2. It was easy enough for me to install or replace a new filter. 3. Replace the filter only when the light turns red, otherwise you are wasting money.
No - you have to install them yourself. You get four big boxes - (2) pedestals, washer, dryer. I think it may be an option to have the units actually delivered inside, but I can't remember. Either way, two strong people should be able to move all four, although the washer is considerably heavier than the dryer. I suggest leaving them in the boxes until you get them to the final spot as it makes them easier to move. Installation itself is not all that complicated. Just follow the instructions and you'll be alright. Also - the dryer ships without an electrical cord. Be sure to get the right one that fits your specific outlet. Overall, my experience with the whole ordering and installation process was good. I like the washer and dryer too.
It does not come with the power cord. Look at your power receptical in the wall and carefully note number of prongs and configuration(maybe take a picture with your phone). Then go to Home Depot and get the right power cord. There are different ones and my hubby made two trips because he got the wrong on the first time.
"WASHER Exterior Dimensions *Height (with 15"" Pedestal): 53"" *Height (without 15"" Pedestal) : 38"" *Width: 27"" *Depth (to Center of Arc Not Including Hose): 31-1/2"" *Depth (with Door 90 Open): 50-5/8"" DRYER Exterior Dimensions Height (with 15"" Pedestal): 53"" Height (without 15"" Pedestal) : 38"" Width: 27"" Depth: 31-1/2"" Depth (with Door 90 Open): 50-5/8"""
The screen is easily removable for cleaning. You lift up on the white knob and the front cover and the screen come off. You may then wipe the lint from the screen and replace the screen and cover into the box. You can do this with one hand after a few tries.
I have mine without and It has worked flawless. It would seem depending on the distance to the out side. My vent is through the wall directly behind my dryer.
I would ask a home contractor about that. I believe that it would have to vent outside the home to meet building code. Although, I do see your point!
Yes
"Yes 4"""
no
I have not had to but when I order the glass was cracked. I called and they replaced it no questions asked. I would call the company. May send you a new one no charge.
No if you have a vent door on the out side of the house, it opens when you use your dryer, closes to keep rain, heat, bugs, small creators, out of the house. Yes the vent trap goes in the dryer vent line near the dryer so you can clean it.
Unless you have flames shooting out the back of your dryer, I don't believe the type of dryer is a problem.
It would certainly catch the lint, but I don't know how legal the installation would be.
Yes, made in the USA High quality. It was manufactured by RJTHOMAS MFG. CO. in IOWA
It has a nice metal plate riveted on it that attests to it being a Pilot Rock. Looks real to me.
"Bottom to rim 8"""
"Click on the ""See all questions"" link which has all such details."
"30.5"""
"7"""
You can swing it out of the way or completely remove it. No tools required. It just lifts off.
It can!! Completely flexible
Yes. One hand to dial your phone to call customer service and another to write down the phone number of the authorized service center. Tomorrow I will be getting the ice maker replaced for the third or fourth time. The service man has been here so many times to fix this refrigerator I can't remember the exact number. My sister has the same refrigerator and has had it fixed four or five times. There was a class action suit against LG for this refrigerator. When the ice maker is working and the water is dispensing all you need is one hand to get water. When the ice maker is broken it does not dispense any water so you don't need any hands at all.
Dear Sir or Madam, The delivery does not come with installation ,but it does come with in home delivery and haul away. Thank You
No, overall it's a good refrigerator
We definitely would, no doubt about it. I'm still absolutely amazed at how big this fridge is. It's only downfall is it makes ice a bit slower than some others. This is because the whole unit is in the door, so it likely doesn't freeze water as fast. The ends justify the means though. It still makes ice plenty fast for my family of 4, who use a ton of ice living in AZ in the summertime heat. It just doesn't make it quite fast enough to always have enough ice for our weekend sports for the kids (filling up the small cooler), like our previous fridge was able to keep up with. No biggie though for most people buying this, but figured I'd point this out in case it is a concern for you.
Sorry No, They don't make it in Bisque
My refrigerator did not come with a wateline
Depends in your water quality and how much ice and water you use! Look it up on the internet-- don't mean to be rude, but that's what I did then bought it at Lowes. You can just go to lowes and they can look it up also-- it is VERY $$$ Yes, it comes with a bypass attachment (beware, mine was supposed to have a new replacement filter, but didn't)
Yes. Its got a big Energy Star Sticker and I've noticed a decrease in my electrical bill in the 9 months its been operational.
No, these don't come with front kick plates. With the slide out freezer box being so close to the floor, there is no clearance for a kick plate.
I have been very happy with the ice maker. It is small, but works nicely.
Nope. But the nobs go to 11.
Not at sll
http://marshallfridge.com/warranty/ has the info you're looking for. Thanks!
No,it only looks lika a Marshall amp.
If this is a real question, no it doesn't. If this is a joke question, the answer is still no.
Dimensions: Depth: 57 cm/ 22.5 in Width: 52 cm/ 20.5 in Height: 81.5 cm/ 32 in
There is no buzz, unless you drink too much beer. It is very quiet.
115 V, 85 watts. My owners manual mentions that they do make a 220v model. You might get it from the manufacturers website.
As 99% of things....designed in USA and made in China... but quality is awesome.
Hello there. Yes it can ship to Australia, but it will be costly. Contact us directly with your exact shipping address. Our email can be found on our website. Thank you!
It has everything needed. I used my own wire harness but it included one that would have worked.
Used this part on our whirlpool fridg. worked fine. Can't be sure would work on a Kenmore. If the part looks like what you have in your fridg. I would go with it, and return it if it is not the right one.
It's extremely difficult on Amazon to match an ice maker to fridge. Be advised if you open the package and it does not fit you may only be given a partial refund. If you attempt to install it, you will get NO refund... your safest bet is to order direct from Sears or use their web cite to verify part number.. personally, I will never order anything like this from Amazon again..
I usually look up the part number recommended for an appliance and then look for cross reference numbers. The ice maker you've asked about fits a lot of appliances.
Check the model number that what we did. It has been a long time but that what we did.
Most likely.
No, it is not.
Sorry, I don't know if it would work on your model or not. My Kenmore was manufactured in 1999, model 57262792, serial no 8J2932809. The replacement ice maker is still working fine and I am very pleased that it was so easy to put in. Don't give up in trying to find the right one. Did you call this company direct to see if it would work?
I really don't know. My Kenmore is a 57262792 model, 14 years old and the icemaker worked fine on mine and was easy to install. Sorry I can't be of more help.
I don't have the measurements with me, but this unit stopped working after about 6 months.
We use it in our Kenmore Elite Fridge, but I can't confirm the model number.
I'm not sure why they call it assembly but it is the complete filter and comes as shown in the picture.
Yes, I am using it and works well.
They are new the are package in a sealed plastic pouch !! If they were used I dought amazon would allow there sale
Yes I confirmed on Allfilters.com . It's the exact same replacement part for both companies . The 3-3/16 X 3-3/16 square is made by LG for the Kenmore Clean flow . Good luck !
I was wondering about the $6.95 for shipping also. I was going to order the water filter and the air filter together and noticed the shipping charge. The water filter was Prime but not the air filter. So I cancelled the order. The Air filter could does not weight enough to cost $6.95 for shipping. I will buy from a walk in store.
It should. My Sears Elite refrigerator is virtually identical to the LFX31925.
Yes! A hot and cold water line just as you need for any other washing machine!!
The Ge installation instructions do require venting of this unit. The preferred option is via a damper to the outside but it can also be vented thru a window. Please call Goedekers at 888-768-1710 if you have any other questions and we will be happy to help Melanie with Goedekers
Cabinet Width 27 in Net Weight 241 lb Overall Depth 30 17/20 in Overall Height 75 1/2 in Overall Width 26 4/5 in
I am not aware of any BLACK MARKS ON CLOTHES! Not relevant for me!
Mine was not offered with a power cord.
I would contact the manufacture to get assistance because sounds like you are having a technical issue.
There's only one cord. You need the large 3 pronged socket like any dryer needs. / _\
Dear E Van Rave, The following is the electrical requirements as listed directly on GE's spec sheet for this model. Electrical Requirements: GTUP270EM Electric Dryer - This appliance should be connected to an individual, properly-grounded branch circuit with 120/240V or 120/208V single-phase 60 Hz electrical service and should be protected by 30-amp time-delay fuses or circuit breakers KW Rating per voltage (240/208). This appliance is manufactured with neutral connected to the frame. Power cord should be purchased separately.
These are MESH filters.
Increments of 150 CFM
Hi Zheng, Since this is an Island Mounted unit, the chimney is actually center of the base. I apologize for the confusion. Please let me know if there's any other questions. Best regards, Luxury Decor 888-644-7770
Low speed: 25 dba (0.4sones) to Max speed: 56dba (7.0 sones)
Yes, there is an extension available from Cavaliere. I got the extension for a 12 ft. ceiling. If you contact Cavaliere they should be able to send you an extension kit for your ceiling.
Hi Albina, Yes there is! Please contact us and we'll gladly help you find the correct model. Thank you, Luxury Decor
Hi Preston, The unit uses standard 3-prong 110V plug. It is ran up the chimney. Let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you, Luxury Decor
No, it cannot be cut down for a ceiling height lower than 8 feet tall.
"I'm not sure what you are asking. It has to hang down more than 6"". I believe the minimum is 18"" of hang down. Our contractor had to modify that hang down for it to fit where we needed it."
https://www.rangehoodsinc.com/product_images/h/636/SV218Z2-I36_dia__18643_zoom.gif
Yes, according to AppliancePartsPros.com this is compatible with your model. I also recommend this website but for this particular part they are out of stock so order from Amazon.
It would if you only know how to rewire on it.
No sorry
2000W
I had the same problem. What I did was: Make a short jumper with the female spade connector on one end, and put a in line connector on the other. trim and strip the blue wire and you have it. Splice the blue wire to the new jumper.
"Check your old one if it is an 8"" burner too it will fit the upset might be difference. if you know how electrical wire works, you can rewire it the fit yours."
We were skeptical whether this would work or not, but we took a chance and replaced the burner that wasn't working with the Amazon item. It worked great for us.
I cant speak to the model number but for the several I have replaced, I could visibly see a broken or burnt section of the heating coil you see in the picture once you remove the old one.
Go to sears parts .com. Look up your model number and look up your part number (original equipment). Then go to amazon and see if the replacement/substitute part is the same or not But for me. This worked perfectly! Make your you take a pix of the wiring connections to burner so it will be eaiser to install with the new one
"Great Question - My 8"" Burner that came out of my stove and the New one going back in was 8 3/4"" Diameter. I guess it was close enough. Mine is working just great now, the old one had a connector wire burned out but I went ahead and replaced it with the new one. Wife is Happy Now."
call sears parts stroe and ask them, im not sure if that burner will work.
Yes
I think it is a 2500 watt burner. I threw away my paper work and the old one doesn't have a wattage stamp on it. sorry
"10"""
I am not sure that is the right bin for you. In looking at the parts for your refrigerator at a company that does parts for a lot of appliances (http://www.partselect.com/PS3489569-Whirlpool-W10321304-Door-Bin.htm?SourceCode=5&SearchTerm=WRS325FDAB&ModelNum=WRS325FDAB) it looks like your bin's measurements are what is listed, by part number, at this site: http://www.tcapplianceparts.com/product/whirlpool-cantilever-bin-part-no-ps3489569-mod-ed25dqxdw04-item-1796791 They do not match the dimensions of the bin you are asking about. I would check the measurements of one of your bins and then make sure you match that with your new purchase. You may even be able to find the part number in your manual. Hope this helps.
"The actual dimensions are : 13"" w ( the back of the tray that fits into the door ), Approx 13.5"" ( the front of the tray) , 6.25"" d , 4"" h. Hope that helps."
"William The bin is approx. 13 7/8"" (outside the door recess) a fraction shy of 13"" within the recess, 6 1/4"" deep and 3 1/2"" high. The opening for this bin in my bottom freezer Whirlpool is: 13"" x 3 1/8"" deep. It fits perfectly and appears to be OEM. I hope that this answers your question."
To be honest, I do not know if it will fit. I do know that Sears stocks parts for most appliances and might be able to tell you if it is the same part number. Best wishes finding one that you need. Let me know if I can help! - Deborah
Can't say...measures apron 13.5 X 5.5 widest point across and depth.
The door bin is clear plastic, with a white plastic rim around the top - matching the bins my Whirlpool Refrigerator/ Bottom Freezer, Model GB2FHDXWQ05, already has. As one reviewer wrote, it adds storage space to the door, and it is the exact same sturdy clear plastic bin with white plastic top rim, that come with the fridge. This bin is also cheaper to buy through Amazon than anywhere else I've researched. All that said, because different sites have different measurements, I called Whirlpool customer service to ask them if this bin was the right fit for my refrigerator. It is, and I'm happy with my purchase. Whirlpool Customer Service - US: 1-866-698-2538 Canada: 1-800-688-2002 Hour of Operation: Monday-Friday: 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM EST Please locate the appliance's model and serial number before calling.
Pretty sure it was clockwise, looking at the shaft end.
just some screws and wire nuts
I got mine a couple of years ago. I don't remember it saying from Whirlpool, but it has worked good ever since. I just assume most things are from China anymore.
I know the one that it replaces is only about an inch thick but when replacing mine found that there was an adapter plate over the hole that holds this size motor so the cheap flat one would fit. I had no problem putting this one in at all.
Because the people putting together Amazon product listings make mistakes every once in a while. The important thing is this: if you are replacing the existing motor in your fridge you already have the blades you need attached to the old motor, and it is easy to move the blades from the old motor to the new one.
If you reverse the two wires it will spin in the opposite direction. I also think the blade can be flipped if necessary. I'm real sure it will work for you.
no
"It was bigger than that...it was a couple inches around. I would say 3"" at least."
Yes. It disables the exhaust fan for Co2 when Co2 mode is set. It can also work independently using just the recycling timer
Yes it gives a constant real time update on temp and humidity. Mine is 1 year old working great!
It does not. However they do have a controller that does. Its about twice the price but worth it.
Yes it will.
"The device has 4 plugs and they are labeled,1.""cooling output"", 2.""night Output"", 3.""CO2 output"" 4.""humidity output"". The ""cooling output "" plug has temperature settings that can be set,independently, for day and night and will control your a/c and/or fans (or ANY device that cools).dead band is adjustable.The cooling device does NOT need to have its own thermostat,but its better if it does ,if its an a/c or high power draw device. Just make absolutely sure you factor in the start up watts for the device and never exceed the rating.a good rule is to never go above 80% of the maximum.factor for the largest POSSIBLE load. The ""night output"" plug is always on at night(off during the day) and you can plug a heater in there but you would still need the heater to have its own thermostat,as the night output plug is always on at night. The ""CO2 output"" plug is a DAY recycle timer and controls whatever device you have plugged and cycle the power cycle on and off based on the ""on time"" and ""off time"" set.This timer is OFF during night. CO2 isnt used in high enough amounts to have on at night. The ""humidity output"" plug cycles whatever device you have plugged in based on the humidity settings. you can have seperate day and night humidity settings and you can select ""humidity increase"" or ""humidity decrease"" modes.one to humidify and one to de humidify. Dead band is adjustable. it also has a temp/humidity lock that lets you use fans to cool and remove humidity instead of the a/c.or split mode for using and a/c to cool and fans/dehumidifier to remove moisture. split mode allows independent control. you can also set it to turn off the co2 when the fans run."
The Autopilot Digital Environmental Controller (DEC) precisely controls temperature and humidity within your grow area. The DEC coordinates the use of supplemental CO2 injection within the temperature function. The DEC has four outlets and a 15' remote combination probe with highly accurate temperature, humidity and light sensors. Easy to use push button functions are identified on a large digital display. Built in data logger records minimum and maximum temperature and humidity levels. * Combines temperature, humidity and CO2 controls together in one flexible unit with digital precision * Control your temperature and humidity independently or synchronized * Day/night temperature set points * Remote 15' temperature and humidity sensor NOTE: This controller has a 14.5A maximum load. For higher amperage units, such as A/C units, it is recommended to use a power expander.
You will have to do it in your controller. First add it to your network and then you can set controls based on your controller. On my Vera Lite it is set up as a group so it can control the loads of other switches.
Yep. It's a bit confusing how they phrase it in the description, so I understand why you would ask this. The accessory switch requires power, i.e. 110v line, neutral, and ground. It communicates with the main switch, or your zwave controller, from there. It's hard wired in the sense that it needs 110v power, but does not directly get wired to the light or other output.
Which controller do you have? The cheapest way (not sure of your location) is to go your local LOWES hardware store and buy the GE IRIS 3- way setup with 2 switches in one box for 44.99. Your Probley going to have alot more questions tho. And you should be asking installation questions. Z-wave switches require a netural wire until non z-wave switches. I feel you should check out the forum of what ever controller your going to use and find out more info before buying. You can ask more questions here also if you'd like.
The 3way wiring becomes useless. I use the 5 associated with a 15 or LRM dimmer. You will need an Aeon Labs Minimote or similar to associate them unless you have a controller like Vera. The 5 is basically a scene controller. Actually just replaced a 4way with this configuration today.
I am not using it as such, but yes I believe it does act as a repeater
Yes they do but they are sold separately.
absolutely not even if you putting in an empty system that has not been flushed . Flush it maybe even then I would still wonder I the system is cross contaminated
there should be a data plate sticker on your unit that tells you what it was charged with
R410 is only for air condtioning purposes. No refrigeration
"Features -easy to carry -1/4"" SAE outlet with schrader valve -11.2 lb enough to fill most of the split/minisplit or small cillers in the market"
Ours was full of refrigerant.
Not if you buy it from Amazon.
34 lbs.
yes this refrigerant need to be keep in cool\dry place and out of direct sun light.
check the label on compressor it will tell how much it holds and witch refrig. to use...it may not be worth repairing....
No way! System must be designed for R410a.
They are more of an option for storage, but no! surely not necessary. I have my washer and dryer unit on hardwood floor. The units come with a wrench to adjust all four legs underneath the washer and dryer units to level them out. I personally like the level of my washer and dryer because I can quickly fling the laundry out of my basket and into the washing/drying unit so I can proceed with my tasks for the day! I hope this response finds the correct answers you need!
There is no device that connects these machines, other than the Stack Kit, which is only needed if the units are being placed with the dryer atop the washer. The ASIN on Amazon of the Stack Kit is B006YBCNFO.
Yes. You have to buy a device that goes between them, though. I forget what it is called.
"20 1/2"" wide at the wides point and 21 3/4 front to back"
It didn't fit mine
I bought one for my dishwasher and didn't have any problems. It should work fine
It's just as sturdy as the original.
yes it will
Looks like it does, yes: see http://www.appliancepartspros.com/ge-rack-asm-lower-wd28x10284-ap4980665.html I bought one of these for my GE Potscrubber 980 not long ago and it was great. Unfortunately the dishwasher just died and wasn't worth repairing, so I have nearly new racks I should look at selling myself.
I purchased this for a GE Nautilus. I can't say whether it will definitely fit in the 3960LOOSS, but I believe it's a universal rack for most GE dishwasher models.
Mine is a different model than yours and than what is listed. I literally measured and counted spokes, rows, and wheels to ensure it was the same as my previous one. Good luck!
No
No
1yr if you can
They are round rather than square but yes they can be chewed. Different sizes can be adjusted for. It works fine if you clean it once in a while.
I do not use mine outside but know others who do in Az where it's hot
Hi RVer. Your question was not answered in the manual, but the tag on the machine reads; Ice Making Current 2.1 A and Ice Harvest Current 3.2 A. Hope this is helpful. Enjoy.
I dont see why not it only makes since. I bought this icemaker and the only issue if any is the ice gets dispenced into the bucket and tends to slope up against the side not filling the bucket all the way up. Craig.
It doesn't store ice. It makes it and you either remove the cubes or the melt back into liquid to make ice again. We emptied each bin and froze in bags in freezer for use when needed or wanted. It does make ice quickly.
The reservoir holds exactly one gallon of water.
"It will not. Ice will last for hours not days in here as the unit itself is not a ""freezer""."
We don't really use the timer, but if you want to turn it on or off you hit the timer button twice to turn it off when the ice maker is on, or to turn it on hit the timer button one when the maker is off. You can also unplug it and when you plug it back in the timer is working.
The only sure way to tell if it's on is to listen to the noises it makes. The LED display is hard to read and unsatisfactory. Our unit sits on the floor and we have to bend all the way down or go on our knees to see the display. Nevertheless, I'd recommend this icemaker. They just need to improve that display, or place it on the lid, rather than on the front.
mine is also that vintage - same bulbs as indicated - The less expensive bulbs don't seem to last - I've had a couple that didn't last 2 weeks - fortunately the let place I bought them refunded my complete order when I complained- vey good! I'm trying the new LED bulbs to see if their lifetime is better. I bought the suction cup to unscrew the bulb a long time back - Almost any hardware store should have something similar - a cup holder with suction cup sounds about the right size. Caution - for a blown bulb, sometimes the suction cup simply pulls the glass from the front of the bulb - need a part of needle node pliers to get the bulb out if this happens.
These bulbs are medium, or standard sized base thread. Known as E27 in Europe (27mm diameter), and E26 in North American( 26mm diameter). They will not fit an intermediate socket. If you are looking for intermediate sized base, their designation is E17 in North America (17mm), and E14 in Europe (14mm diameter).
It is a European base JDR E27 I bought mine a few years ago from LSE Inc. (Actually I bought a pair incase they did not match the original brightness). They work great.
There should be a small suction cup that you apply to the bulb to unscrew it, I can't recall if it came with the bulbs or not. Equivalent would be a small silicone suction cup used to attach hooks and such to windows ,as long as the cup is a bit smaller than the glass on the bulb it should work.
Sorry I don't know
In theory it should. But look at the specs for your washer and check the dimensions in the bearing inner and outer raice.
These will fit that model number. I have to say after a 1 1/2 years, the bearings are bad again. I'm going to try 1 more set and probably let it go and see if I could afford another washer at that time. I think the design was just bad on this model washer. I'm also going to spend money on changing the shocks and springs which is essentially changing the whole suspension system in the washer. I'm also going to try and load less clothes to see if it will last longer. It did work really well when I first changed it out, but the loud spin cycle is back. I'm just trying to get more than 5 years out of the washer. We also never used the extra high spin cycle. Always changed down to high. Clothes still came out good. Don't know how much that helped in the long run.
I'm not sure. Contact seller from the website for the product.
The two brgs are made by axis, I do not know who makes the seal. No name or part number on seal.
It worked for me so I wouldn't see why it wouldn't work for you
We do not have specific part numbers for the brgs and seal. A brgs and seal kit can be ordered thru amazon from To Do Blue, type in whirlpool washer wfw9750ww01.
"Yes, very easily. I just put mine up with the help of a friend, Sunday night. It's mounted a little higher than me (5' 4"") & I can easily mount and dismount it."
the screws that come with this dryer does not hold it on the wall. They are too small and the dryer felt. I had to buy bigger ones to install it on the wall.
It uses 1350 watts, which is less than many hair dryers. Unless you have a unique situation, this should be a non-issue.
The width across is slightly more than 19 inches. The depth is 22 inches. However, when the dryer is in use, the vinyl cover expands from the air blowing. You need to have an inch or 2 clear around the dryer for air circulation. The dryer has holes on the sides and bottom to work. It needs the air circulation. My dryer is mounted about an inch from my bedroom door when open and about 3 inches from my dresser. It expands as it blows air but doesn't touch the door or dresser. I just leave it up and it looks like a hanging closet in my bedroom.
Yes, the moisture is ultimately released through the holes in the plastic
no...not at all. I have it mounted in my back hallway by a utility shelf with no windows around it....the hanging bag around the cloths has 5 small holes on each side of the top and a few on the very bottom that let out a small amount of air (hot/cold) but not enough to heat the area and absolutely no lint anywhere! I love this thing! I hang my towels on my balcony on pant hangers and let them dry a little before i hang them in the dryer to dry or they tend to be really stiff....but all the cloths dry soft.....and i really load this thing up and keep it drying most of the day...
The width and depth are the first two the length (Which is how long of item you can hang from the rack is 41 inches. The cord is 3 feet. The unit can be folded down or taken off of its bracket when not in use.
my daughter uses it to dry her jackets, her kids jackets and even in the summer to dry swim suites, so yes
Yes. The timing is adjustable from 120-15 minutes. The last 15 minutes of any cycle the heat shuts off and goes into a cooling phase.
Yes you have room, because the dryer only have 20 inches.
I had asked the same question and when I finally received a response I had to cancel my order because it is only vertical and not rear.
There is a one year warranty but additional warranty is optional. I purchased additional wanrranty. So far I liked this product very much. Hope this helps.
"The exact measurements are 29 1/2"" wide, 22"" deep and 10"" high. The 22"" deep is the measurement from front to back at the bottom, the top part that goes under the cabinet (before it tapers down) is 12"" deep."
you will get idea from this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V710ECSPk24
I'm currently having the same issue. I bought a hand held gas detector & discovered that my new stove has a slight leak from one of the rings! I am waiting on a part from the stove manufacturer to be available (by next week) and will see if it changes the situation! I will recalibrate as directed by the supplier of the hood and will follow up here when I feel either all is okay or status quo!
No, it has all the items you needs to get the heat out.
"Hi Julie, Like many said it doable but for a 5"" duct might be a little small. My was an 6"" duct and I end up going to Home Depot and get a reducer that cost about $12. I love how it look but installing it was a b*tch. It took a total of about 13 to 14 hours in a whole day for me to install mostly by myself. My wife did help me load it up into the packaging box that it came in. We use the box on top of the stove to support this range to help ease the load of loading it under our cabinet. This sucker weight like 40 to 50 pounds. Some of the nut and bolt that came with the package doesn't feel secure for me. I don't wanted the whole range drop down. I end up using toggle bolt that can handle 80+ lbs. each and use them on the top of the cabinet and use heavy duty dry wall anchor and screws that support 30+ lbs. for the side. This thing wasn't going anyway. For the perfect next time I think I well drill hole that was 1/4"" bigger for running the power cord thru it. I end being slight not level on the range due to the cord bushing of the power cord on fitting the hole so it bumped 2cm higher and not set flat on it. Mounting the four top screw was a pain. Even with toggle bolt I have to end reverse mount it to make it easier to screw nut into the toggle bolt."
go to the original order on amazon, they will connected with the factory to change your parts, you need to describe what happen in detail.
It suggests to secure it using as many as screws possible. The hood comes with an extra black plate for hanging it over its back with those extra screws. Mine just hung over my cabinet without the black plate and those extra screws/nuts, and it works just good enough for us.
We put it on a bench to install it. I believe there is a wall hanger.
"I am not sure. There are some many options in the market. They will always look alike since they are designed to be under cabinet, so the footprint will be almost the same. the front of it may change depending on the components the manufacturer install..... I bought the Golden Vantage 36"" and I am happy with it. it does the job, very powerful fan, cool spot lights, easy to clean...... Hopefully this help."
Actually, I'm not sure since I was not able to install it yet. The problem is that the product is actually defected. The hood is welded only on three sides. I tried to contact the seller by phone n via email since last week, but thus far no reply. I was going to hold off to see how the issue can be resolved before I rate my experience.
Sorry, I cannot remember now since my contractor installed it. You can ask their customer service about these questions. This product is powerful and easy to clean. We like it a lot.
It is not a mirror finish. So it's more like a brushed. But it is steel not chrome so the finish is the steel itself.
Sorry, but don't know. I've not noticed any problem with it's use & there is usually enough make up air coming in around doors, windows & other bathroom vents not in use. It's a great vent and does a great job. Hope this helps some.
Yes it is a high quality polished stainless steal.
Yes.
It is in the cabinet above.
10 inches below counter when installed. Hope this helps! We've had it for 2 months, and really like the hood so far!
Yes, we are going to vent it that way.
I am not sure about that BUT my daughter has a refrigerator with a door bin busted out of it too, and I looked INSIDE the refrigerator, got the model no. etc. and looked up in my area a parts sales place for those brand refrigerators that HAD the part in stock that she would need. Anyway, it does look like the same part and hey, if it doesn't fit, you can return it...right? Hassle, yes, but not all is lost, that way.
It should
Depends on your model. But what a great price compared to the $56.00 the Sears warehouse was going to charge us for 1.....!
I just cross reference it with the one that I bought for my model ED5GVEXVD05 and it will fit your refrigerator. The whirlpool part number is PS328468. This is a genuine whrilpool part. So you can either use my model number or the PS328468 which is the whirlpool number. I ordered two and they came well pack and arrive very quickly. I hope this helped. Good luck.
Hi, my model number is different than yours however when I put my model number online this drawer was suggested for a cheaper price. I took a chance and it worked out fine. you can always send it back if it does not work.
2187172 will not fit your model WRS586FLDB00. You would need part #W10710203.
Yes, it's the correct replacement bin for model ED5GNDXWD00.
The part# for your refrigerator door shelf crosses to this one. I had mine in two days, and it was an exact fit. I am extremely satisfied with it. And, more important than that, my WIFE approves of it! :-)
"No they just used ""Deep"" to describe the shelf. It is the exact shelf that came in our refrigerator originally and fix perfectly."
Start by researching the refrigerator make and model # parts. That's how I found the shelf for my refrigerator. The results will show actual pictures and descriptions of the different replacement parts making it easy to select what you need for your particular appliance. I've used this approach successfully many times over the years for many different appliances.
Yes. Two years.
Take out the bin that holds the ice and pour it in the bottom
small
"Hey there. No. It doesn't need to be vented outside but I found that if I don't, the windows get steamed up on the cold glass. AS month back I was able to have my windows open and I had no trouble. I am using a ""Indoor Lint Trap Filter"" that cost about $35 bucks from Amazon. I love it but I am going to work on a way to vent it out my window for the winter. I use the dryer about 4 times each week sense I got it and I have not seen any real increases in my electrical bill. Love it. One other thing to add. Keep the internal lint filter clean and you'll get little to none lint out the hose. I used my girlfriends knee high stockings over the end of the exhaust opening and I have not seen any lint at all. I empty the inside lint filter after every load. Best of luck with your purchase and happy Thanksgiving. Hope this helps."
Absolutely. As long as the wall outlet is grounded (three holes).
I really have no idea...I haven't noticed an increase in my electrical bill. A feature I like about this dryer is that the heat cycle moderates to a cool cycle. I find that my clothes are dry far sooner than I expected and I end up turning off the dryer long before the cycle is complete. I love my little dryer. Simple to use and does what it is supposed to without a problem.
At first it is kind of difficult. You have to pry open the filter. I used a knife. There are small tabs that hold the filter together. Once you pry them apart. it becomes much easier. Now I don't have to do that. They come apart very easily now. Hope this helps.
Yes for towels, but it is small. I guess one sheet at a time?
It clearly was listed as a dryer we both remember.... But it has been a while. If this a problem, may be worth asking company to package differently. Very nice product....
Imported and resold through SEP United Inc., Canada. Customer service: 166 Torbay Rd. mark ham, ON, L3r Canada. 1-888-329-8832. After glancing over the list of providing manufacturers, I'd guess the dryer is made in China. Could be India, but I doubt that.
I asked this question over and over before I bought mine. Finally I took the plunge and here's what I know. I have great luck venting the dryer into the little venting attachment that's only about $8 or something. I thought it would create way too much humidity in my little cabin. Not so. I was running it during the hottest, most humid months of last summer with no problem. I ALSO have the same dryer in my apartment (I live in a different place in the winter. Why? Have you every been in northern Wisconsin in the winter? HAHA) and I don't vent it. It does create some humidity, but it's fine with me. I guess I wouldn't put it right next to Grandma's 150-year-old antique buffet, lest it makes it fall apart. I absolutely love my Sonya dryers. Highly recommended.
Yes.
Approximately 5'
"5"" bottom, 6.5"" top of short side. 9"" bottom, 9.5"" top long side. 10"" to top of handle."
The oval openings are 7/8 inch long and 3/8 inch wide.
Yes, the handle is connected. However, the whole thing is in two halves so you can put it in two different parts of your dishwasher. I considered it an improvement over the one that came with my dishwasher.
To be honest, I pulled those things off. They were annoying and just got on he way. However, I do sometimes use them to hold in items that are small and might get pushed out by water.
Hi, the silverware tray is a dark gray. My dishwasher rack is also a light gray but since I am the only one who sees it, the difference in the two colors really is not a concern to me. The sturdiness of the silverware tray is worth it.
"No. Anywhere on the lower rack. I ""unfolded"" mine so it rests along one edge of the lower rack."
Sets in the middle of the front of the bottom rack
Dont know where its made but is very high grade plastic
Yes
Yes, I wash those plastic straws that come with those big, straw/lid cups, never have had a problem.
1/2 inch inner diameter
Also just an fyi, be careful with the hoses that have an elbow built-in, because many of them might have a 1/2 I.D. (3/4O.D.) hose, but then they make the actual elbow part with a smaller inside diameter, such as 3/8 which will restrict the flow of water right at that elbow and kinda defeating the whole point of having a larger inside diameter hose.. I personally just got the exact hose you had asked the question on, two 6 foot hoses and one 5 foot hose, both identical brands just different length and they work great. I actually just ordered another set right now to replace out my mother's old rubber hoses.. Let me know if you have any other questions, -Ken
"I just re-checked the link to this product on Amazon. This is ""One"" each hose. Some of these do come in sets. Not this one. Happy with the hose with one qualification--the rubber washers. Look for Made in USA washers on Amazon. Well worth the minor cost. If you need a link to the washers I purchased let me know. Heck--here ya go.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003H75V16/ref=oh_details_o08_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1. ""Nelson"" 50380."
stainless steel
my wife doe not have a problem taking them out to clean.
Nope.
approximately 1 and 3/4 inches above the COUNTERTOP. very nice cooktop,
Cooktop has a slightly bowed front edge. The largest deminsion is front to back through the middle of the knobs. Mine measures 21 and 1/4 inches front to back. Of course the part of the stove that fits below countertop is smaller.
A LP conversion kit is supplied with the cooktop.
W 27 1/2-28 1/2 D 19 1/8-19 3/4 H 8
It weighs 50lbs and it does come with LP conversion.
No, I don't. I've had it for about 9 months and only put the plastic vent looking piece on top and use it like that. It sits in my living room corner. It blows warm air, so it can get a little warm in the room during warmer days. All you need to do is crack a window or door open.
I have mine sitting on the floor right by the window and all I do is crack my window open to let out the heat.
Yes
That would depend on whether you like warm moist air in the room where your dryer is located. I live in the southeast and we have enough humidity this time of year and beyond that I don't want any more steamy air in my room. I open the window just enough for the venting hose to rest between the sill and the bottom of the open window. I put an old large beach towel next to the venting hose to keep hot air from getting inside. I would also expect that, over time, you might get some mildew if you don't vent at all. I do not like the tub vent kit since it's difficult for my arthritic hands to put the top and bottom together. There's definite room for improvement here, Panda!
Yes, it does. Tanya D. You need an 3 prong outlet or adapter piece.. Someone else also posted in their review questions, don't have too many appliances going that pull a lot of current while using it. It has blown a fuse when too many things are going. As it did with me.. But, outside of that, its very useful.
"In my opinion - MAYBE. It comes with a four-piece hard plastic, sort of ""vent stack"" with top connection curved as if to direct the warm air that comes out of the dryer towards an outlet for the hot air. I can roll mine right up to a window so I didn't need to buy flex-duct or anything to extend its venting. In the instructions it said something like - if you prefer not to vent the dryer through a window, you may just enjoy the 'pleasant warming' it will provide to your room. Must be cold year round in China, huh? I didn't mind a little 'warming' in Jan-Feb. But it's in the 90's now in NYC. Don't think I'd want to run it unvented in a windowless room today. But appears - from the instructions - to be possible; although maybe not always a practical idea. But that's where we come back to the flex duct - you can buy that stuff by the mile I think, if you need to."
Yes this will work great as we also live in a 5th wheel.
About 3 inches
I installed the two I bought on the wall about five feet of the ground. Since it was intalled at the corner of the room, it was easy to build a platform in wood to sit the dryers on top. My tenants like the fact it is mounted at about eye level and does not clutter the floor. Don't know if I have answered your question
I guess not Canada--I still cannot find the dryer filters--very fustrating
14.5 w x 17 w x 24.5 deep. Stores quite a bit of food. My wife and I are happy with the size.
Yes, extremely happy with my purchase.
Sorry, this was a gift. Check your records for delivery address and ask them
It is a chest freeze. Opens on the top. I ordered this and it did not work.
"t does say it is compatible with GE Compatible Refrigerator Water Filter for MWF, GWF, MWFA, GWFA, GWF06 and it does fit. However, the water tasted and smelled worse with this filter than with the ""used GE filter"" that I was replacing. It was so bad, my brother-n-law that it was the old filter I was replacing, not the new one. So, I am using the GE Water filters from now on."
My tap water is so bad. I can smell and taste the chlorine and have always bought bottled water, until this new refrigerator. I tried the water from the dispenser and it is fine. After buying the compatible filter after the first six months, I see no difference in the quality. It is just as good as the original GE filter and will continue to purchase them from the seller I used. Saving on both filters and bottled water.
IT SURE SEEMS LIKE IT DOES....WATER TASTES GREAT!
Just checked mine, all it says is manufactured by spaceflex international LLC. It does not have a made in china stamp anywhere on the filter. I was pretty sure thats a legal requirement if its made overseas, I dont have the box anymore so I cant check that, hope this helps.
Im not sure if this is what you are asking for, the box says the filter has been tested by the manufacturer against ANSI/NSF Standard 42 for the reduction of chlorine,tastes,and odors. It doesn't actually have the NSF stamp on it though like the ge water filter box that i have. It is made in the USA and the ge box that I have says assembled in Eagan,MN. I never really paid much attention until i was asked this question. I hope this helps W floyd
Hello, just check in your fridge manual if your fridge can operate with MWF, GWF,MWFA OR GWFA refrigerator filter. If you don't have your fridge manual, check your current filter inside the fridge, is an information label on front the filter that say the filter type.
i looked on mine and found no markings, i can say this for less than half what one costs at lowes, and the great job it it doing for me, don,t care if it was made on the moon
I just replaced my filter with a 3rd party brand and was able to reset my filter light - it went off after I held it for the required amount of time. I've used 3rd party filters more than the GE ones and have had no trouble.
Yes. I didn't notice any difference.
It worked great on my GE Refrigerator. I had no problems installing. I will buy it again.
"It extends 1 3/4 out and goes up 1 1/4"""
I own a Hotpoint gas range, model # RGB745BEA2, and the oven wire rack I bought fits perfectly in it.
Yes
"It lists the dimensions under details, the oven rack is 23-3/4"" wide X 17-1/2"" deep"
No, you need part number W10282492
no, sorry
"24"" Wide by 17"" Deep"
i do not know as it also was NOT the correct replacement size for my ge oven which model they listed. i didn't return mine. it's in my storage room as i didn't know how to do returns back then.
Don't know, used mine for a home built smoker
I NO LONGER HAVE IT. SOLD THE STOVE, SORRY
Yes
NO
Thank you for your inquiry. You can purchase this unit along with a portability kit which includes the casters by searching for CWD1510WPORTK.
needs a regular washer hot/cold water and drain box hookup. doesn't need a vent for the dryer though. ventless.
It did a good job, yes. Lint comes from the laundry detergent you use-it breaks down fibers and wears out the fabric of your clothing. I use Melaleuca laundry detergent and brightener and have very little lint to deal with, plus it does a great job on cleaning. This little machine cleaned my clothes better than any other I've used. It doesn't take a large load of clothes, so you will do a few more loads than you're use to, and it takes a few more cycles in the dryer to dry them, but it's super cheap to operate and your clothes are CLEAN! The lint trap is at the bottom of the machine, a little plug you pull out and clean off.
Yes. The minimum delay is 1 hour and it goes in 1h intervals from there
"Yes. After you put it on the cycle you want, press the ""add dry time"" button."
It still needs hot water hooked up to it in order to work properly.
Free inches just for hoses ... great for tight spaxes
Hard wired. See installation manual on the Broan website at http://www.broan.com/common/productDigitalAssethandler.ashx?id=881d121e-3a6e-4e24-b2ce-2da4b6a76e91
"No bulbs included. I took the opportunity to buy LEDs instead of halogens. Nice bright light and I often leave it on all night since they're so energy efficient. And yes, it truly fits in a 30 inch space. Actual width is 29 7/8""."
its more towards shiny but good looking.
That is correct. Controls (light switch and fan switch) are underneath.
This measures 30.25 inches . It fit right in my space. I replace an older Broan hood range vent.
Two... and not all brands work! The new ones that Home Depot carry didn't fit... I was lucky my Mom had to old ones in a drawer.
It roughs in on the right.
"17 1/2"" You can go to Broan's website and click the Specifications tab and see that the depth is 17 1/2"": http://www.broan.com/products/product/8bfe27df-acf0-4afd-8183-80700cc1e348"
It can be configured to vent through the back or the top of the hood. You would have to install the duct and outdoor hardware to complete the job, (not included with the hood). I used it to replace an existing hood that vented out the back into a duct already in the wall and it mated up nicely with the old opening.
Very nice product. Quality, looks great, works great.
It holds all 5 L. The store I went to only had in that brand. It says can holder smaller ones also
No I did not get any mugs with mine
How fast do you drink. It holds about 14 12oz cans and will on average last 30 days in the system. For me it last two weeks but I share it with others.
It does not. I asked this question before my purchase and was mislead. You need to purchase the kit so it will work with all types of kegs.
I can't answer that question because we didn't get all the parts and can't because they are not making them anymore. Sorry
No, a little smaller, but still a good size. We have it on our office.
Not that I've noticed. I ordered it for my office and while I don't sit directly nearby, I've never noticed it being noisy. It's a great small fridge.
I don't think so. It doesn't say so on the unit.
Yes it is.
This beautiful refrigerator was purchased as a reward for one of my favorite tenants; it's a beautiful refrigerator. I imagine it is frost free. She loves it,
"Here is the height: Height to Top of Case: 68 1/2"" Height to Top of Door Hinge: 69 2/5"" Thank you"
70 inches
This will be delivered into the kitchen, but haul away is not included.
"The dimensions I have are as follows: Width: 30 3/10"" Depth with Handles: 27 1/2"" Depth without Handles: 25 1/2"" Depth without Door: 22 3/4"""
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! Unfortunately, this does not have a reversible door. If you have any other questions or need help finding the right refrigerator, feel free to call us at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedekers
"I am seeing it at 56"" (from floor) with top open"
There is a warning in the instruction booklet and guide sheet saying NOT to wash anything water proof in the washer. So I guess you shouldn't. However, I have washed our plastic shower curtain in the washer along with the cloth shower curtain and it worked fine.
Yes, LG Yes, LG better and very good washer . I bought this LG WT4870 last Christmas ,I'm very satisfied and happy with the quality . I recommend this to every one .
I've had it for a year and so far nothing's wrong. It's working just like the first day I bought it
does surprisingly well .. even with a large comforter. Senses unbalanced loads and lets you know to move around a bit and try again.
I'm not sure if you're making a comment or asking a question, but I've only had one or two loads that got out of balance. That was early on after I got it. I don't overfill it like I had done those times, so maybe that was my problem.
Haven't done a side-by-side comparison but am very happy with the cleaning results of our new LG washer.
No. Use the Bright white setting
I'm sorry- what are you asking?
It's extremely quiet.
The cup level is actually deep enough to put stemmed glasses in the upright position just fine. There are also holders for the stems to keep the glasses secure.
I have only had this dishwasher for about 8 months...I love it...The best one I ever had.
Yes, it is very well made.
"Dear Tom, Whirlpool lists the dimensions of this model at Overall Width: 27 1/2"", Overall Depth: 27"", Overall Height: 43"". If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us at 888-768-1710."
Curbside shipping is free for any orders over $999.99 and $99.99 for any order under that amount. If you would like delivery into your home, that is our white glove service and that is $99.99 extra. If there is anything else that I can assist you with, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for considering Goedekers and have a lovely evening. Thank You, Brenna Davis
You will need to purchase a cord.
We don't know about the lumens. They are very easy to replace- they just pop out. One thing- the light is bright white and not warm white. We've had issues with the lights flickering and going off and on. Xtreme air was very nice and sent us the new set which didn't help though. Now we just need to tape or tighten the connectors where the wires meet. The service though was wonderful and super fast. Very happy with their response. Good luck!
You can do either. We put an outlet up in the ceiling and plugged it into that. Hope that helps!
Hello Alfonso, Unfortunately, none of the units that we offer are able to be ductless, they all require ducting out of the structure. Please let us know if you have any other questions or concerns. Range Hood Direct Buy
You should take all your measurements together.It depends how high is you oven.
Thank you for your question. The listing is accurate. PX05-I36 has been upgraded to four LED lights (2 lights on each side, not in the center anymore). The picture is showing an old version of PX05-I36. New picture will be updated soon.
PX05-I36 is brushed stainless steel finished. The LED lights cannot become dim.
Dear Lori, The range hood alone cannot be used for a 10' ceiling. You will have to purchase the extension, PX04/05/06-IE Thank You, RangeHoodDirectBuy.com
The material is stainless steel, and it is not painted. A stainless steel object is hard to photograph because it is so reflective.
PX05-I36 comes with a telescopic flue chimney which accommodates 8 feet to 9 feet ceiling.
Vic, The PX-05 has a decibel rating that ranges from 33-54 dB, 33 for low speed, and 54 for highest speed.
1..the advertisement made it look like 3 but only 1 sent. I returned it
yes
Not a 4 pack - misleading description
"Hello, This listing is for a single filter. The main title of the listing will always say ""2-pack"", ""3-pack"", etc. if it is a listing for multiple filters. Thank you."
Just measure your old racks and if its the same size, it will fit. Yes, it is stainless steel. It fit my oven perfect.
This particular Whirlpool rack measures 15 7/8 x 24, so it will not fit your oven.
Yes. I bought one too and measured again. Same rack if it is 23 3/4
Not sure with you're model, but did not fit mine. I have not found any rack other than the kenmore factory replacement that fits. It seems most kenmore are 1/2 narrower than anything else on the market. I decided to just take my die grinder and cut/modify it to fit instead of spending twice as much for the kenmore
"""30 inch"" is the most common oven size. The racks are designed for this size."
Yes
One
The Oven Racks I received fit very well.
Yes
I know that the unit is 33 inches tall. If I remember correctly, it is 21 inches wide by 18 inches deep. That would give you the 21 x 18 x 33 inches dimensions. Our college student loves this compact refrigerator.
So far so good. It had worked well for me in my office.
"I'm not sure on outdoor use since I use it in the garage. It's about 3/4"" thick. It looks great and holds a lot of weight. Highly recommend!"
"This was confusing to me too when I was buying them. There are 10 panels which you interlock by ""stacking"" one on top of the other. If you head over to proslat.com, you can see videos of what the individual panels look like. The panels are 8ft. wide, and when all 10 panels are interlocked, they reach 4ft high (so each panel exposes about 4.8"" of height). They are not 10 panels of 8x4's; this is the total area they cover. This gives you the flexibility to make your own custom heights, but can be cumbersome to set up (and you have to be careful to make sure they stay flush when screwing them into studs)."
I am not sure about the Gladiator Works products. If they have 3 inch center clamps, then they will not work with Proslat.
"It depends if they have a locking mechanism or not. Our Slatwall is 4 3/4"" wide, Jifram is 3"" center. Any pegboard hooks or regular slatwall hooks fit our walls, no problem. Please reach out with additional questions!"
cant give you a 100% answer but going by the model numbers you should be ok, the letter's are just updates for different more modern fridge models but the filter is the same.
It comes out of conn but made in mexico
yes, it works perfectly.
Yes, however...they ship it wrapped in plastic with a note to leave it in the plastic. DON'T do that! It will leak at the connector. Remove the plastic around the nipple end and you'll be fine.
About 35 X 20 x 24 Height can be adjusted for your ceiling height and distance from stove top
Not sure what that is but I advise you NOT to buy this item. It's a piece of crap! They sent me the wrong Users Manual on how to install it etc. I had to hire someone to install it, which was very expensive, and when I turn it on, it blows OUT not IN!!!!!! I have tried numerous times to call the company, email the company etc to absolutely no avail. So beware! If you do purchase it the only thing it's good for is the lights and it looks nice, just doesn't work AT ALL!
The fan has 3 speeds and is powerful, but can be a bit loud at full speed.
I'm sorry I can't answer the question, it turned out to be way too large for my kitchen and I ended up selling it on Craigslist.
No not that I know of. I had it installed by a professional but I didn't see any filter.
I do have a copy but am not sure how to send an attachment with this message.
We vented through the ceiling. It attached to the old vent pipe that went through the roof.
This Range Hood has 3 Speed Fan Control.
The rectangular duct adapter is available at Home Depot and fits inside the chimney. Very happy with this hood.
it says wall mount on the description. But, they have island ones also. Love mine
The front display is black, the sides are stainless steel
Push up on it and you will here it click and then you can let it down to change the filter
"It's telescoping so it doesn't have to be 32"". I set my range hood at 25"". My outter ""square surround"" going up measures approx. 19"" but not sure about the inside one since I cant measure it now that its installed. I believe they were the same length when I un-boxed it but not 100% sure. So I think the min is approx 19"" not 16"". Hope this helps"
Yes it is easy to get to and take out and it is all metal so it is easily washed with soap and water. There is a cover so it never falls out like in some fans.
There is an extension that comes with this hood. I don't know if an additional extension could be installed with the one provided.
It can be installed on any wall that has and exhaust pipe to outside. It also needs hardwired in or a plug to plug in, it has the capability of both.
As I read in the instructions it's possible to do. I installed mine with a vent. It's a good idea to vent it as the blower motor is fairly powerful.
Yes. You can use it for ductless. But, it's fitting may not be part of the package. Since I am using with duct, I couldn't recall the original package item.
It is not hard wired. It is plugged in to an outlet behind the metal chimney above the hood.
Yes
I use a flathead screwdriver and pry it off. There are 3 little pieces that hold it in. I found the first time that I need to be more aggressive than I thought was safe, but it came off with no damage. Just work the screwdriver around the outside metal ring and you'll get it off.
Thats for the Vendor to answer.
"12""(w) x 10.75""(d) The only complaint that I have is the mounting bracket. It's solid design makes it difficult to mount the hood, especially if you have low ceilings. Otherwise, it is a nice hood."
Hard wired.
Yes, you need a duct leading to the outside.
A hole has to be cut into the ceiling so that the unit can be securely attached to the attic rafters. This added height will provide for any flexibility that is required. Let me know if you have additional questions?
The door Made with a 3 sided Frame and pre-hung on it. Bottom Frame normally not required in most coolers manufactured today. However if you need a bottom frame it could be made for free, but need 10 more additional days to deliver. you also have to approve a new drawing. All for free. Amtecs Team.
"IF YOU ORDER OUR STD. 36""W X 76"" HIGH FACE CASE DOOR, YOU HAVE TO REDUCE THE OPENING BY FITTING IN SOME PANEL EXTENSIONS WHICH WE CAN SUPPLY FOR $150.00 ADDITIONAL. OR ORDER A CUSTOM DOOR WHICH WILL BE $ 400 ADDITIONAL. HOW EVER WE NEED A LEAD TIME OF 15 BUSINESS DAYS, UNLIKE STD. DOORS WHICH ARE IN STOCK. IF YOU NEED TO TALK SEND YOUR PHONE #.Also we would try to reach you by phone by Next Business Day. Please Call Amtecs 631-524-5999 Monday Through Friday, 9:00 A.M. To 5:00 P.M. EST."
We have a cut sheet, Need you to call @ 631-524-5999. We need a Email to attach, unable to attach a Drawing in pdf, through Amazon.
It was a factory defect on one batch. They no longer have this issue.
Hi Gregory, Thanks for the question. Samsung HE Washers cycle the valves while water is entering in order to regulate the temperature which is measured by an internal thermostat. The recommended water pressure specification for this and other Samsung Washers is 20-116 psi. I can't tell you whether you would experience pipe hammer with a machine other than the one you currently own, but if so, I would suggest contacting a plumber for assistance. - Ms. Samsung
With the purchase of a stacking kit, yes.
Dear Jared, Unfortunately, the manufacturers do not list the average time for a wash cycle with their specifications since it can vary greatly depending on the settings you have chosen. If you are concerned that it is running too long, please contact Samsung directly and they can help you troubleshoot if it is running too long for that setting.
Yes, both liquid and dry. Just remove the insert, to add dry detergent.
I have not had any issues with the new panels, but my thought was to use the 3m protective film like you can get for cars if it started smearing again.
Yes, it will turn off the humidifier and also turn it back on.
Yes , you can do but the sensor of this is real short, You must buy longer sensor wit same characteristic with this, and you must install 115 vac outlet. to use. Good luck
Yes it has 3A relay contacts out. So u will need a 24 v power supply.
Yes
Yes
Yes,you can use this to control a fan. This will explain how to wire your configuration. Your fan is the LOAD in the diagram. http://ukrferma.nethouse.ua/static/doc/0000/0000/0151/151383.iabtisqg38.pdf
Sorry, this product only measure air humidity, no temperature function.
With slight modification, It will fit into a plastic switch box with a rocker switch plate cover. Very easily.
The package only includes 1 x Humidity controller WH8040, 1 x Temperature sensor probe with cable, no others.
"I am not quite sure I understand the question. Generally speaking my answer to ANY question pertaining to this model is A) RETURN IT NOW!!!! If it is less than 30 days old, or whatever window from the place of purchase. I wish dearly someone had given me that advice when I made the HORRID mistake of purchasing this worthless machine. B) Buy another washing machine that is NOT LG. I had to buy a GE about 6 months after I purchased this model BRAND NEW. but FINALLY i have clean clothes!!!! When I was using this NIGHTMARE machine, I would have to set it on ""Bulky bedding"" setting in order to get enough water in the drum to actually get the clothes wet enough to get clean. So yes, you have to set it to ""bulky / bedding"", stand over the machine for however long it takes to fill, then pause it, power off, then power back on and then chose the appropriate wash setting. WAY TO GO LG!!!!!!!! Congratulations on making the WORST most useless washing machine EVER!!!!"
"Yes, there is a ""pause"" function. Still extremely happy with my purchase of this machine. If you buy this though just remember to change the water temperature! It defaults to the ""hot"" setting when you select a wash type..."
Mine is a year old and it has never had any weird or stinky smell to it. Make sure you are using he detergent and leaving the top open when it is not in use.
I haven't had that problem. I don't see that you have a choice, but to return this one too.i. I know it's such a hassle, but I returned two. I bought the LG, never had any machine clean that well and clothes came out almost dry. I loved the machine but it kept getting off balance. A few times it stopped and wouldn't right itself so back it went to Lowes. I ordered a whirlpool. Didn't like that at all. So, then I returned the Whirlpool to Lowes and reordered another Wt110. Took nerve to do that (: I haven't had any problems with it, but it seems to be an entirely different machine. No balance problems but it doesn't clean or treat my clothes as gentley as the first. It's still better than the Whirlpool . Lowes was wonderful to work with.
GE GTWN 4250 is the one I got, it was on sale at Sears over the Holiday weekend. Just make sure it will work with your drain set up. We have old house with a higher stand pipe and I don't think it quite drains all the way. Other than that it is a FANTASTIC washing machine! My clothes are actually CLEAN and it doesn't take two hours to wash a single sheet!!!
The washer uses very little water as a result the dirt and dog hair don't fully rinse out. That cycle is suppose to help flush it out however it didn't work so after owning it for 2 weeks during witch we had the service technician come out and he flat out said to return it because it was a Bad model so we did a ended up buying a set of speed queens witch work 100 times better. .good luck..........
WxHxD 27 x 40 5/32 28 3/8 (54 1/3 with the lid open)
Front left corner is a reservoir for bleach. Pour in to the full mark. The machine releases at the appropriate time.
Yes. You could be risking moisture on electrical components. Temperature controlled environment would be a better way to go.
"It all depends on how ""hot"" your water heater is and how cold your line is coming in from the street. If your water heater is less than 125 degrees Fahrenheit, you'll get a cooler water than warm."
It has hot and cold water hoses, same as a standard washer. It does not heat water itself. I have been using mine for a month now and am pleased with the overall quality. It takes a little longer to dry than a vented dryer but it does work. It does offer an advantage of not switching clothes from washer to dryer(you can load the machine and leave home, have the load complete when returning home hours later)
I used the drain that was used for my old washer. It is on the wall about 3 feet high. I have no problems with this configuration.
It comes with everything you need to stall. I would pay for it to be brought inside and installed if it is an option It is not light weight. Also, make sure you are okay with letting clothes airdry a little. I love it but towels and bulkier items just do not completely dry.
Yes it's ventless. You need maybe 2-3 inches for hoses.
Yes they do Very nice unit
I have it connected to a water line. I don't know if you can connect it to the sink.
While there is no vent, you do have water hoses and mine are out of the back....RBW
120V, 12 Amps / Electric Source LG Website
Stick the tube down the drain
No, it is not.
What makes food go stale and spoil quickly is oxygen, by using these oxygen absorbers they reduce that. I dehydrate fruit and vegetables in a food dehydrator then place them in clean mason jars and add one oxygen absorber and close up the jar. In a about 4-6 hours you will hear the top pop inward and the oxygen has been taken out. These jars I use in daily cooking. For long-term food storage I put the dehydrated food into a vacuum seal bag and put in one oxygen absorber then vacuum seal removing all the air, this bag is put into a mylar bag and sealed, then put into a 5-gallon bucket with two oxygen absorbers (food can last for 20 years). All the food we have done this with has been perfect. I hope this helps.
No. the 300cc size says it is good for a gallon. so one should be fine for a quart jar.
Probably not. They react to the O2 in whatever environment they are in. If you are keeping them in a mason jar there is a lot of O2 in there, especially if you are constantly opening the jar. Best way to use them is to plan ahead and use them only as needed. I use them when dehydrating vegetables or making jerky. I portion out the vegetables or jerky into vacuum bags, open the vacuum bag containing the Oxy-Sorbs, take out the number required and immediately reseal the bag containing them. I then put a Oxy-Sorb AND a desiccant packet into the vacuum bag with the product and seal it. I keep all the dehydrated products in PLASTIC .50 caliber ammo cans in a freezer, (labeled, dated, etc.) and have found NO deterioration in the products for over 3 years. The Oxy-Sorb is great for long-term storage of products, if used properly.
You would need to vacuum seal the jerky with these oxygen absorbers to make the self life last a while, and then you can put the vacumm sealed jerky into a Mylar bag with a couple oxygen absorbers and seal. That would increase the life of the jerky. Since jerky has fat it can go rancid the the self life will not be very long. maybe 6 months to a year if vacuum sealed and then put in Mylar bag.
with a bag sealer....same way you close the food storage bag after placing the correct amount of absorbers in.
"If you didn't reseal the package in something air-tight ( like a jar) then they are probably bad. You can test if you fill a jar with something simple ( rice, beans, etc) and put one or more in, seal the jar, and see if the lid ""pops"" down via vacuum pressure- That would indicate the rest are still probably good. However, I also found with mine that a lot of them were not good from the get-go, even after keeping them in an airtight jar."
Absolutely, they will stay fresh as long as the container isn't opened or damaged. Suggest maybe a tin can to shop in. They are great for long term storage also.
Keep the UNUSED product in a vacuum-sealed bag and they last forever.
I have not noticed them warming up. I usually put them in a vacuum zip lock type of storage bag right away. If you leave them out too long they will be unable to absorb oxygen in a closed environment.
The packets should keep the the popcorn fresh as long as the bag is closed.
It makes round blocks. Not easy to chew.
Turn the machine off and unplug it from the power outlet. Allow it to sit and hour or two unplugged, and then empty out all water you may have put in the machine. Put new water into the reservoir making certain you do not fill it above the maximum fill line. Distilled water is best, and will save you time down the road from having to clean off excessive mineral deposits from the freezing elements, but at minimum use good filtered water and not the junk that comes straight from the faucet. Next, plug the machine back in and press the power button. Do not attempt to set the clock or the timer. Ignore those buttons completely. Select your ice size (it really doesn't matter which one you choose just to test the machine - any size will do.) You should almost immediately hear the machine pumping water from the reservoir into the freezing chamber. It will sound like water quietly trickling and lasts a couple of seconds. If you hear that, you know the pump is working. You should also hear the compressor kick on after the water has been pumped into the freezing chamber, and if you place your hand next to the the exhaust port you ought to begin feeling slightly warmed air blowing out. Within 10 to 12 minutes your first batch of ice will be done. You hear very audibly when the machine slides the ice off the freezing elements and they tumble onto a temporary holding platform. Then you will hear the ice being raised up on the platform and pushed off of it down into the catch basket. The clattering of the ice is unmistakable. If these things do not happen within 12 to 15 minutes of when you turned the power on, something is not right with the machine. You'll most likely need to notify Amazon and have it replaced.
"The ice cubes fall into the storage bin and they melt very little because all the ice cubes create a ""cold"" temperature in the bin. Once the bin becomes full the ice maker stops making ice until the bin is emptied. I have been gone longer than six hours and the cubes still very large with minimal melting. The ice maker has great insulation to keep the temperature as cold as possible."
If this is the same product that I own (it looks like it) I have found NO defects in it. It makes ice quickly. It obviously isn't a freezer, so one shouldn't expect it to stay frozen for an extended period.
Yes, the product has a drain however, drain hole is small and drainage is slow. I have the unit next to a sink, therefore - I manually empty the water out by just tipping it over to empty the water. The unit is heavy - so the process is rather clumsy. I would not be deterred from purchasing the product due to that issue.
"To answer your question, I must address your concerns about ""white"" and ""bitter-flavor"" separately. Yes, these ice cubes are white, not crystal clear. The white color is from air entrapped as the cubes form on the refrigerated rods. The entrapped air makes the ice cubes ""soft"" and easily chewed if you are inclined to chew ice. We love this consistency. These ice cubes do not, however, have a bitter flavor. As I stated in my review, you must clean the ice maker when you first use it to get rid of the slight ""new plastic"" taste, but after that the ice does not have any bad flavor. We love this ice machine! Hope this helps."
it has a tiny little plug on the side, (drain side) check to see if it in securely... a very small piece...
The measurements are 11 1/2 wide 14 1/2 deep and 13 1/2 tall. About the same size as a larger bread maker.
Nope, what we hear is the water filling and the flap rising but it isnt loud, screeching, or scraping. You may need to exchange your unit. There may be a defect with that particular one. Good Luck!
According to this site, yes! https://www.filtersfast.com/models/GD5SHAXLB01
I can not say for sure what I did was put in my model # for my replacement filter and this popped up and also I did look at the way the filter looked and then I ordered them they do fit and a very good price for three of them am almost through my first filter hope this might help you
Yes the 4396547 and the 4396508 are the same filter.
yes, it will.
Pur, made in Taiwan for Whirlpool Corp
I don't know but I pulled the filter out of my Kitchenaid 25cuft and just cross referenced it. I know these filters fit a very large group of Kitchenaid appliances.
Check the fridge model number. That doesn't seem to correspond to any I could find online.
Yes it will!
I don't know. I used it on a KitchenAid. Model # KSSS36FMXOL, if that is any help? Sorry I can't help more.
Hi, thats a technical question... Why dont you call Whirlpool to be sure if it works? See ya.
that was about right- and it worked great!
never heard of that brand
well, since I installed mine the day I git it I would defer to the Amazon listing, particularly the dimensions: Part Number W10096921 Item Weight 1.2 pounds Product Dimensions 42 x 1 x 1 inches Item model number W10096921 Item Package Quantity 1
Yes it is. I had one broken off on each side. So I had to buy 2 off them. A lot cheaper from amazon than sears
http://www.appliancepartspros.com/upper-rack-track-parts-for-kitchenaid-kuds30ixwh1.html Open the link showing a diagram of your top rack. Part number 2 is the part you are looking at on Amazon. Remove rack from dishwasher (there is a retainer at the end of each drawer track that needs to be either removed or opened and the tray will slide out). Carefully unclip Part #11 from the rack and slide down ward until it will unclip from the rack adjuster. Mine were very brittle from age and I snapped one off. Remove second retaining clip part #12. Hard to explain how to do this, but it is not difficult. Release the middle of it, slide it upward and and it will come off. Remove the last retainer, part #9. I used a small screw driver to assist in releasing it. Next use a small screw driver to pry apart parts 8 & 10. The top part is tabbed and the bottom part snaps together so I gently pried it apart from the bottom sides (there was a small notch i could easily get into). The rack adjuster will now slide off. Do one at a time and use the other as a reference. Assembly is the reverse. Take you time - shouldn't take over 45-60 minutes. First side takes the longest, after you do one the other is easy. Hope this helps.
I wondered about that too because it didn't show the wheels in the photo, but mine came with the wheels!
this is the correct part I just called kitchenaid because I have the same issue! They told me that it would work. Very dissapointing to me to spend as much money as I did on a kitchenaid and have it break after 6 months!
My guess is yes. I run my dishwasher every day and I have replaced these parts once a year. I bought it in October of 2012 and replaced them in October of 2013 and 2014. It's just cheap plastic clips holding the wheels on and the manufacturer seems to have no interest in actually improving the part.
Yes it is the same part and when I ordered it it came with two and they are way better than the original ones
Yes. I bought 2, one for each side. Worked great.
I am somewhat confident that Whirlpool corporation makes their own brand, Kitchen Aid and Maytag, so why not make Kenmore dishwashers too? I would suspect that if the parts were not interchangeable, there would be a different part number. They are cheap, and you will know the instant you remove the old broken part if the new one is identical. I wish you luck changing them out. But once you learn the trick, it's easy as pie.
It worked for ours. Not too difficult. Just take your time.
No, if both are broken you need to order two of them. Simple fix though and way cheaper than a repair guy.
i'm not sure, but its cheap enough I thought when ordered it that if it hadn't fit then I wasn't out much money.. It end up fitting and working fine.
Yes
YES
Good Morning, looking at parts and photo it does look like a good replacement..Looka ta the attached link...Hopes this help in making a decision.. http://www.partselect.com/ModelSections.aspx?ModelID=576826&ModelNum=DU1055XTSS2&mfgModelNum=&ManufactureID=3&Selected=WBDTTM6D&Position=2&mfg=Whirlpool&Type=Dishwasher&Mark=2
Looking at this link =&gt; http://www.repairclinic.com/Shop-For-Parts/a9b6d918831/Model-66513732K600-Kenmore-Dishwasher-Parts, it does appear this detergent dispenser is the correct one.
I cannot find this model listed in the list that it will fit. Does it look the same as the one that is on it?
I googled to find instructions as to how to take out the old one and put in the new one. I had to buy a hex screw driver though. Even though my dishwasher is not a Maytag, it was not difficult to put the new one in...........and I'm a woman.
Contact whirlpool to verify by i think it does
Good day, we used this part when The door would not stay shut and could not dispence the powder correctly. We had no stopped cycles or blinking lights. Very easy to replace, u-tube video was all we needed.
I can't say for sure based on the dishwasher number but I did replace the one in my Kenmore based on it looking like the right part and it worked fine.
Not sure
I'm not sure. Mine is a DU1055XTSQ3 (Quiet Partner I) and it works on that, but I don't know about any other model.
It looks like the same one that I ordered for my dishwasher, it should work.
We have a Maytag, and the part worked on our dishwasher just fine. I'm not sure what our model number is; it's tucked away on the side where I can't see it easily.
Hello, based on the model number you provided, the compatible part for your appliance is #8531669 Thank you, Luna Parts
Hello, based on the model number you provided, the compatible part for your appliance is #8531669 Thank you, Luna Parts
This will fit a frigidaire that's what I bought it for. I don't know what els it fits just go by the shape of it to your other one. It's not big money if it don't work.
I don't know the model numbers. I just ordered mine based on shape and, most importantly, the plugs being the same. If yours looks like the picture, it should be fine.
yes, this is what I used on my Frigidaire. Works perfectly!
According to GENUINE APPLIANCE PARTS they list ERB5103 as a replacement for 316075103-4, also the physical sizes appear to be the same.
I don't know the element number but it worked in my Frigidaire oven model number FEF326ASM
Yes
I'm not sure. But I just went by the shape and it works on my stove.
Yes, it is a metal tube with some ceramic like stuff inside, so it flexes a little.
It appears from the sears parts direct site you need PN 316203200 , this one should work http://www.amazon.com/Frigidaire-316203200-Element-for-Range/dp/B005BA2S0Y
Yes
Manufacturer is Supco 180 days
The part I received was an aftermarket part. My washer is less than 10 years old and all of the original parts are failing. It's filling up with aftermarket parts and the replacements are now lasting longer than the original ones!
Yes. The picture that shows the green pump is exactly what I got from the company. Had everything needed and worked fantastically.
Don't the answer to your question but when I needed to return the one I bought they took it back and refunded my money with no problems.
Unfortunately, I ran into this problem too. My son put his foot through one of the filters when I was taking it out of the box. Many hours of searching the web for the non-standard sized filter, trying to find a new one to buy, and I ended up contacting AKDY through Amazon (click the name, then in the bottom right, contact the seller), asking where I could buy a new one. They sent me a new pair, no charge.
It can be set up either way. we did the ventless, works great..you do have to order filter covers for the fan if ventless..those are about another 40 dollars. have fun
yes you can but you would have to add some duct work, but that is what we did.
2 years...hope this helps!
Yep, mine loses time, too. So, I contacted the company and they sent me a new circuit board and control panel. However, the installation seemed so involved that I haven't done it yet. I'm thinking about putting a nice magnet over it. Because, you know, aside from the clock issue, it seems to be a great range hood!
Yes...we went up an 90 degrees.
Yes
No because the back is exposed.
If you already have a vent to the outside or you will have to do it yourself.Comes with... but may have to buy the clamps to fit
Good news and Bad news. Since the fixtures are LED, the bulbs should last a long time. Unfortunately, the instructions which came with it indicate the fixture, not the bulb must be replaced. Additional side note, the lights are virtually useless located in the back of the hood, since they aren't very bright. The clock also loses an hour per day (but who needs another clock in the kitchen). Stylish, but we would buy something a little better quality, next time.
Halogen
I dont know didnt know it had one and I have a gas stove bug it works well
"The chimney is 14.5 x 11"". And the motor housing (glass part) is 24"" x30"""
Double check with manufacturer, but I believe you have to buy a separate kit to have it recirculate. Not sure about bulbs, as I have not needed to change them. However I don't expect to since they are LED.
"I believe it was 28"" - 33"" that the specs recommended. I'm tall, so I went higher than specified, but It works great even on the low fan setting; which is much quieter."
It came with everything I needed. The exhaust pipe was already in the ceiling.
I am not sure. A contractor friend put it in he didnt say there were any problems. We live this product
Not sure.. I have mine mounted on my kitchen cabinets, what I call a faux float.. I have it vented through the side of my house with a 90degress angle b/c I did not want to cut into the roof
It comes with a standard 3 prong plug to plug it in to an outlet.
The person who installed it for me said if I wanted it higher after installation I would have have to uninstall it and change the components before reinstall it. I had him install it high enough to see under in to begin with. I really like it.
"The 2 piece chimney that came with my AKDY 30"" hood should accommodate a 9' ceiling. 1 piece slides over the other and can extend to 9'+. I've been pleased with the hood we have."
Yes mine turns off and on. It will also go on by itself and if you tap the side it turns off.
No, they don't and its a pretty bright light.
About 10 3/16 inches
It is capable of being ventless. You'll have to either buy the kit that has the duct work to push the air through the fins or build your own and buy the separate carbon filters that clean the air.
I wouldn't recommend using without running the vent.it's really simple if u are handy
"It came with two stainless chimneys...we only used one for an 7' 8"" ceiling. You might end up a little short for a 10', but you could probably fix that with a moulding around the ceiling."
Plug in
"Approximately 27"""
"Yes it does but make sure your ceiling is high enough.They recommend 28-31"" clearence from the cook top its pretty high piramid"
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry. Yes that filter is correct for your model.
As far as I can tell LG makes only one filter for their entire product line. To be sure you can inspect the filter while it is still in the refrigerator and make sure the filter model is the same.
Not the same, for LG product
I don't really have an answer but I have replaced my filter twice and it did not run black either time. The instructions said to run it several times prior to drinking the water. My guess is that whatever made it run black also quickly clogged the filter causing the replace filter light to come on.
You see it cheaper but not originals. Here in Amazon you can be sure they are LG originals, BIG DIFFERENCE in price when they are not OEM.
No, it is made in Korea
One
Exactly the same. LT700P is the model number of the filter.
The number on my fridge is LFX25976SW/00 &gt;my guess is that it will work on Yours. But I'm Not Sure With the model # Difference. THE NUMBER ON YOUR FILTER SHOULD TELL. SORRY THAT I COULDN'T GIVE YOU A PRICISE ANSWER.
"Don't know. The model number for this part ends in 1. The part you need ends in ""2"". You should check for s part with the correct part number."
No it does not
Yes it will fit.
Yes it does
Yes
It fits my DLE0442w...Don't know about the one you have...
My model number is actually dlex8377nm and it worked for me. I am not sure about your model
I doubt it, it's for LG dryers not Kenmore, suggest you either search Amazon or Google it
Yes
No
It's all one piece
Can't answer for her model because mine was model #DLEX3001R and it fit perfectly.
According to... http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/5231EL1003B/0026/795/BrandId-3204/0151200/LG Part 5231EL1003B is needed http://www.amazon.com/LG-Electronics-5231EL1003B-Filter-Assembly/dp/B00AF7U1F2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1403933863&sr=8-1&keywords=5231EL1003B
IT works alone. You just pop it in and voila! It works!
I think it will.
That model # is to a Kenmore. This dryer filter is for an LG dryer.
That is the filter type we replaced too. it had a little different shape, but not enough to make a difference in the fit. the clue was to clean out the lint in the bottom of the trap. Hope this helps.
Did you hold the button down until the the light flashes and unit initializes? Can't remember how long you have to hold it down for.
The arm is automatic. You don't want to force it into any position. Try resetting it by unplugging it from the door. Just shutting it off doesn't force a reset.
The ice maker does have the feeler arm. It is an exact replacement of the factory ice maker. Unit went in without any problems and has worked perfectly since I installed it.
I think so from what I remember from the install.
I don't know. It was perfect replacement for my LG french door ice maker
If you're referring to the one that plugs into it, on the back (white multi-pin locking connector), no :(
will fill container to trip lever
There are no water supply connections this the ice maker. The water comes out of the refrigerator and pours into the trough in the top right hand corner of the ice maker. As fare as how fast it makes ice will depend on the size of ice cubes you select to make and the setting on your refrigerator.
Yes it was the correct filter for my refrigerator. I am very satisfied with the product...
Filter housing is located inside the refrigerator top left. It may be located in different areas on different models. Just unscrew the old filter and pull out, then insert new filter and screw into place.
Yes. I just checked on the LG site, and they are just the ones. I have the 32cf. model and I use these filters regularly. Getting ready to order for the 3rd time. These filters are the BEST price, though the first time I bought them here, they were $55. for the pair. Still better than the LG factory supplier. We go through a lot of water, pets and all, so I keep a few on hand.
Yes. It's the same model as mine, except that yours is stainless steel. You can confirm on the LG Web site.
My filter in in the upper left of my fridge. The box I believe may tell you how to change the filter. The old one slides out and the new one goes in. You may be able to find the manual online if you google in your fridge style.
Yes it is. LG company original
yes. be careful when you put it in. to activate you have to run about a gallon water through it before it will activate
No, I'm sorry it is not. This is Part No. ADQ36006101. Maybe you left out one digit (1).
Graciela...I strongly urge you to check this out by going to the LG website, entering your model of refrigerator and then seeing what filters they say will fit your unit.
It's hard to picture drying 2 things at a time. You would have to put one shirt on top of another which, to my mind, defeats the purpose. I mostly use it as a way of ironing my clothes so the look neat & fresh. I use it to dry shirts that would start to look old & shabby if they were dries in the dryer. If you just want to dry several items it would probably be faster to do one after another--the Vapper gets most of my stuff dry in 5-10 minutes.
Well, this is not plastic, it's a fabric, but other than that I'm not sure.
it's like a nylon/canvass cloth with a strong plastic bag over top.
No, and do some research on their site to find out which one is best.
No, you have to buy your own. Hair driers are very cheap, about $15 bucks.
I am not familiar with the vertical model and so cannot answer your question. The stream flow is limited on the horizontal model.
It is the front view of your curvy faucet, which at that angle looks like a piece going up. They give you a few aerators to match the tip of your faucet. Then you click the filter system onto the new black faucet.
I have NOT had that problem, I'd say it is your water. Fill a bottle, let it stand 24 hrs and check for sediment in the bottom of the bottle, this may tell you it is your water, not everything can be filtered out.
I doubt it highly. In fact, it's an imperfect product that leaks just as all the other reviews say. Water leaks from the attachment piece; and really everywhere. You can still get a small stream of filtered water from a regular faucet, but it's not impressive despite claims.
Yes, I received 4 different adapters. One of them worked for my faucet.
Two things... There's a washer on the inside that may be replaced very easily. They give you some in the bag when you buy. Or call the company directly and they may be able to help or send you a new one. Good luck
chrome
this is what you can use PUR MineralClear Faucet Refill RF-9999, 3 Pack which you can order here on Amazon and is a 3 stage filter, I hope I have answered your question.
Mineral free !!
I received both the orange and blue filters.
I am not sure mine is a front loader....wm2487h. When we went to the dealer he told us that lg only had this filter. I ordered them and they worked fine. The thing you have to know is these are plastic so be careful when you put them in. Be sure they are lined up properly or the threads will strip much easier than the old metal ones
Good Morning, The Filters measure at .75 x .75 Order Parts Today
It worked with my WM2140CW
this is not an after market device. It is a replacement. If you washer did not come with this from the factory then this will not work. There is a slot in the door where this fits, it clicks into place. As a alternative idea, an old towel 1/2 in, 1/2 out of the drum should keep the door from closing.
I suspect so. I think it fits many washers. This keeps the door ajar to help prevent mold in the washer. It slips right in and think it is a pretty standard part. Does it look like what broke? It has a really strong magnet in it.
It has to be magnetic so it clasps to outer door and prevents it from closing or opening all the way so the washing machine will not smell inside must be magnetic if you bought it new it comes with magnet in plunger
Grey. It was just like the Orignal Manufaturer
Not sure. Mine was a WM3470xxxx.
Find out who makes the machine for Sears/Kenmore first. That should tell you if this will work for you. Good luck!!
Yes we have the 2350hrc (the r is red the w is white)
Don't know, check the owners manual for part number. Check physical dimenisons of this part vs the replacement part in the manual.
It worked in our Kenmore. I have no idea what a WM.... is.
No, it does not come with instructions. However, there are tons of YouTube videos that can walk you through the process, but I highly recommend getting a professional. Yes, this is all you need to convert it but make sure it's the right model number for your dryer (though I think this works for most LG models).
It changes the dryer from natural gas to propane.
We used this part when we went from natural gas to propane. So I don't think it's the right part.
So far as I can tell, it is. Whether it is or not, we have had no problems with it in 5 months use.
Yes, I believe so. If you check Lowes website on that model's info and guides. It states that is the conversion kit
Good Morning, Thank you for your inquiry. We ship domestic via Federal Express. It usually can take from 4 to 6 days and we also offer 1 day and 2nd day shipping. Regards, M Bowles Customer Service Order Parts Today
"I didn't see a expiration date on the box. So I'm not sure if they have a ""use by date"". We use the filtered water and ice often (2 people in the household). They last about 6 months. And the savings on the purchase price for 2 filters was not substantial enough to buy more than one at a time. Besides, I always need something from Amazon to add a water filter to the order."
This should be the only filter you need.
As near as I can tell this replacement is exactly the same as the original which came with the Whirlpool refrigerator.
Unfortunately we not offer the Whirlpool W10413645A in a 6 pack. That 6 pack price is determined by a different seller.
If it currently has a filter, remove it and order the same thing. I did a Google search to find dealers. If you don't have a filter, ask a dealer if they can help you find the order info for a new one. You may also Google the model and get some info that way. Good luck.
No
6 months give or take maybe one day. Will get a three pack next time.
Just twist it out
Jenate It's not the product Your refrigerator has a timer that stats when you replace your filter If your water still taste good all you have to do is take the filter out again and re install it This will reset your timer But Amazon has the best price on replacements
not enough water and you cook it too long
I am sorry but I didn't see a question here. exactly what is the question? Are you asking about parts for the pressure cooker?
per the instructions the seals will not hold with not oil. I wanted it for popcorn, but if I do the rubber seal will be no good. You might want to take out the gasket then try it.
Thought I was ,but I ended up buying the Nu wave as well. I hope you find out because it sure was an expensive pressure cooker that way. Did use the precision as a gift but still. I use my pressure pan alot now as just a nice big pan because I don't pressure cook that much. It works great and I didn't have to go buy another big pan for chili or whatever.
any cookware that is magnetic on the bottom will work.
I am not sure. On low we're supposed register it at 100, but I find it is not a true reading. It seems to run hotter on all settings. The more I use mine, the less satisfied I am with this product.
The only cookware that can be used on an Induction cook top is ones that can be magnetized. Get a small magnet and test the bottom of the ones you already have. If you don't have enough, take the magnet with you when you shop. Some pans already say induction ready on the bottom. Hope this helps.
"Instructions that came with it recommend not using larger than a 10"" skillet. I use a 2"" deep fryer 10"" skillet and A brabd of dutch oven like the expensive pans because they are large and sides angle in to fit inside the largest ring in the PIC. I haven't had any issues with the size at all. I have noticed the heated surface is hotter in the center and is less hot around outside edge. When I am browning a large amount of hamburger in my 2"" deep skillet, I have to move meat from outside to inside where it will brown faster unless I up the temp. It will cook, but not as quickly as inside ring. I guess that is true with most burners, but I do wish Nuwave would make a 12"". Bottom line is the burner really works and is worth purchasing. I have a microwave/convection oven, a 6 qt Nesco Roaster and this Nuwave PIC. I live in a 2 yr old RV and have never used my stove or oven."
yes
Yes you can use the wave pot in regular stove
The Nuwave cookware works beautifully on my smooth top stove. I have had no issues.
I do not can, but the product is very reliable. You can cook with confidence that it will be the correct temp.
it is electric
As long as they have the heat coil symbol on them they will work. The other pans just wont get hot.
depending on size, 1 to 1-1/2 hours
You would need to buy an invertor that converts 12v to 110...
black and price is 149.99
yes
The Frigidaire washer and dryer are quiet 1.5 out of 5.
Don't join. The washing machine is horrible, wouldn't recommend this product
Not for the dryer
The dryer requires a 3-wire or 4-wire 240 volt outlet. The washer uses a regular 120 volt outlet with ground.
Plastic
It's about 50mins. I don't recommend these. I have them and hate them
One year, with parts and labor coverage.
Yes it is a wall mount hood that does not require a cabinet. It also comes with what you need to mount it on the wall.
It comes with a flex duct, there is no need for a L duct, just bend the flex duct to the desired angel. Yes you can turn the pipe out the back of wall.
I wish I knew, mine has never worked right !
I think it can be back or top. We ran ours up the top through the chimney provided.
"My 8'1"" ceiling allowed me to extend mine only about 2"". This left about 15"" of chimney extension unused. If my calculations are correct, I believe you will need an additional 8"" of chimney after fully extended. My measurements are with the vent hood mounted 25"" above my stove surface. The chimney is 17"" with a 17"" extension supplied. I do not know if they sell extensions separate but my guess is they probably do and I would call the company if I were you, just to be sure! GoodLuck .... I LOVE MINE :)"
It comes with flexible 6 in duct. You would need 8 in to 6 in duct reducer.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure what extensions you would be referring to. I was able to google Golden Vantage and get a phone number because I first ordered the wrong size, they were very easy to talk to (cost me $80 to ship it back!). The unit I bought looks and runs great and was a good value for the money.
Ours is vented outside, but it can be used as a ductless range hood if you prefer.
"Sorry but this is about 36"" tall and you would need a different top extendion but you can find them online"
"Installation instructions really aren't very helpful. They are terribly translated engrish and basically say: screw into wall, use 6"" duct to exhaust to exterior of building. Probably would be better to find a generic hood vent install guide on a blog or YouTube."
"Mine hangs down 30"" for an 8 ft. ceiling, It was actually made for a 9 ft. ceiling which would allow it to hang down at least 42"". They said it would work for an 8 ft. ceiling , but I had to cut some off the brackets and the stainless steel columns to make it work."
Yes they are adjustable. They will telescope
I don't think you need one. We have 9 ft ceilings and set it at the highest adjustment to allow for a more comfortable work area and better looking island. The exhaust is perfectly adequate for the bigger gap between stove and hood. . Should be fine to set at the lower point for 10 ft ceilings.
It is finished on all four sides as if intended to be used in an island or peninsula. However I do not see any reason why you would not be able to use it close to a wall. Just bear in mind that the hood part sticks out further than the chase on all four sides and plan accordingly
here is a pdf link: http://akdytrading.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Golden-Vantage-10A3-Wall-Mount-range-hood.pdf i love my hood, installation was not easy (im a pro plumber and damn good at everything else). goodluck!! This is the distributors phone number (626) 350-8360. They arent very attentive to the phone, but they will get back to you and accommodate a guide. put a surge protector where you plug in!!!!!! motherboard can fry in lightning storm
sounds like you need to buy a model that uses ductless venting. This model doesnt have that feature. Golden vantage has several models that come with a ductless vent although they dont work well but something is better than nothing!
Sorry no...
I believe this came with everything needed to install up to the ceiling. We used it for an island range. Once installed, it looks awesome--more expensive than it actually was. I am happy with the level of air extraction despite not having a wall behind the range to channel steam up. The 4 LED lights are good enough to light the cooking area, although they do have a blue cast kind of like old school fluorescent lights which looks a little eerie. I am not sure if these can be replaced with LEDs with a warmer cast. When running, it is a little noisy. The removable metal vents tend to rattle against the metal vent openings in the main housing. This can probably be solved with foam tape. I am surprised that it did not come with foam gaskets around the vent openings.
Sorry I do not know. This hood is still sealed in the box as I ordered the island hood by mistake for a remodel and when we discovered it was the wrong one it was to late to return.
e-mail me what year is this refrigerator and what is a serial number to jjstaniek@yahoo.com
"You'll want to confirm with a service manual but I have the LSC27910ST which looks almost identical to your model and it was a perfect fit. I'd hit google with ""LSC26905TT water valve"" to be sure."
Yes. Same model as mine, made in 2010. Water stopped dispensing and this fixed it. Located in back of fridge in bottom right corner.
Don't know
Yes, it is the direct replacement. The connections is slightly relocated.
This part comes with electriacal connections same as orginal equipment
"As I put it in it was ""plug and play"". I did not have to modify or change any other parts - although it was a bit fiddly as there was not much slack in the connecting water pipes."
Yes
I am sure, I used for LG and it worked verygood
yes
"Hi. Mine is a Kitchen Aid and it works perfectly. There are white knobs protruding from the outside of the metal ""basket"" into which the bag goes and there are holes in the plastic bags which will fit perfectly around those knobs holding the bag in place. I used to get the paper bags from Sears. They would occasionally leak and fall apart when I pulled the bag out if the kids accidentally put something really moist in the compactor. The plastic bags are lighter, easier to handle and have never leaked. I was actually skeptical that they would do the job but they are far superior. Good luck!"
Yes they are
Yes They are perfect I have a kenmore and ge Compactor and they fit Beautifully in both of them.
I've had this machine for over a year, it works great but if you have clothes that tend to shed a lot you will have lint issues. in this machine it only takes a few minutes to was clothes. It is not like the regular washers. As a rule of thumb if it is an item being washed just because I wore it once I use the three minute cycle, if I wore it outside and it got dirty I adjust the time accordingly. Lightly dirty about 6 minutes, moderate dirty 9 minutes and heavy grime 12 minutes. You will have to play with the times and degree of dirtyness. Overall these are great machines for an apartment dweller. Unfortunately they do have some limits. If you are getting a lot of lint, try decreaseing the time especially if the clothing is not grimey. Usually an item worn on one or two days just needs a light washing in this machine. I usually run the extractor for 2 minutes. Most loads take a total of 5 minutes start to finish.
All depend on the sizes. I wear x-large shirts and I can fit 5-6 if they are lightweight. Bluejeans, 1-2. If there is too much, nothing moves. Bathtowels-large only 2. Smaller towels 4-5 plus washrags. most loads are best if they are combinations of face towels, washrags, shorts and shirts. 2 shirts, 2 shorts, 3 face towels, and multiple washrags fits fine. If you do sheets, one at a time with something else is best. If you wash both at a time, which you can they fit, they get wrapped up in each other and neither gets washed. Hope that helps.
No. My box just said Panda XPB36. There were no diagrams on the box either.
This is a floor model, easy to move. I drain it in the shower.
The XPB36 probably needs to sit on the floor as the drain hose has to be lifted 7 inches higher than its connection point to the machine. The PAN30 can sit on the counter or anywhere and the drain hose needs to be laid flat or dropped into a container/sink large enough to catch all the water that drains out. The PAN30 drains by gravity. Hope that helps!
Yes. I use mine in our motorhome. I put it in the shower and use my hand-shower head to fill it and just let it drain out the drain hole of the shower. Works great for me.
When you use the spinner, it drains to the same pump the washer bin drains to. In other words, if you hook the drain tube to your sink and switch it to drain, the spinner water will drain out of that as well. Hope this helps!
If you overload the spin dryer it will vibrate at first but as soon as it picks up spead it does not. just don't overload it also I have the bigger one so this is my opinion having the larger one the one that's does twelve pounds of laundry.
This is not actually a newer model, but rather a different one. The washer is a bit larger I would say, but in practicality it has the same power. The built in spinner allows for easy transfer of sopping wet clothing without drips on the floor. You can even pull them out of the wash basin while it is still full and throw them right in the spinner to do a rinse and dry. In the end though, if you are thinking about putting down another $150ish bucks when you already have the standalone panda, I would HIGHLY recommend getting the 3,200 RPM spinner with the stainless drum here on Amazon. It is somewhere around that price, but it can hold an entire load from the Panda, and will dry the clothes to almost 100% dry in just a few minutes. This dual unit has a 120 watt 1,300 RPM (The smaller stand alone spinner is actually faster at 1,600 RPM!) spinner that holds less than half of one load from the washing side. The 3,200 RPM one has 400 watts of power and can hold over 11lbs of clothes! Unless the drain pump is super important to you I would skip this one. If I were you I would keep the stand alone Panda and upgrade your dryer! :) Hope this helps!
Fill up to below side opening on right. Cloths must wash loosely. Beware of knotting. Dont use a lot of detergent. Use liquid soap. Make sure drain hose is secured. Do not overload spinner. It is a hands on machine works great for small easy washes.
It will work on stainless. We have it on our fridge door.
We do not have any pictures of this item being altered and it is not suggested.
We regret we do not have any other picture of this item in use.
Was a perfect fit only took a short time to installl
Yes
The parts diagram for WM2501HVA shows (2) Washer drain pumps 4681EA2001T and 4681EA2001S. http://www.searspartsdirect.com/lg-washer-parts/model-WM2501HVA/3204/0153200/F1111027/00002.html
Yes
I have an LG front load steam washer WM2487HRMA and this part worked great. It was also pretty easy to replace.
We used the part on an LG front loading washer, model number WM2701H. We found our parts listing in our owner's manual.
Yes it will. Search Youtube for detailed videos on replacing it. it's easy as pie!
We have 2 different models of LG washer dryer combo units and we have replaced this part on both of them most likely it's the one you need.
No
I can't answer your question. To me they seemed different and I am not happy with them. They dryer is very noisy. I am going to look for different ones.
4
Yes all are the same
Yes
it's the whole assembly
That model doesn't show up as one that fits it, but when I searched online for a sensor for your model, the same part number came up. It looks like it is used for all of the models. I looked at a picture of your model and it looks exactly the same as ours, must be just when it was made. When I read about this when our washer broke, they said it happens a lot since the old sensor was not as durable, so this part number is the new better style. So I bet it will fit fine. My husband fixed it quick. There is a utube video online showing how to take off the back of the washer and how to put on the new sensor, so check that out.
Lg front load washers
my lg front washer also says TROMM on the front but also in the front control panel left bottom corner reads WM0642HW my washer stop spinning and after several tries like unplug,rotate by hand the drum,nothing Happened so I order this position sensor and since then my washer its been working fine,try to look for pics of your machine on line then you will be able to find your model number also theres some you tube videos about how to replace the part I will help you a lot!!! and you can save a lot of money good look!!!!
Check LGAs website. I did and ordered them and it works great.
Yes. It is the complete pump. Motor, heater etc.
No it is most likely a clogged float assembly. I replaced this part and got the same error code. Take the left side panel off and inspect your float. I suggest you replace the entire float assembly 1st its cheaper and easier to install.
Yes it does fit ...I just needed one piece of it but I installed the whole thing and kept old one for parts.
I am not sure. This part did NOT fit my LG dishwasher which is a 2009 model no. LDF7932ST. The correct part no. For my DW is AJH31248604. When I ordered the part from Amazon I gave them my machine model no. Only as I did not know any part numbers. They sent me the no. 3485ED1002B which did not fit. I eventually had to return this part after I received and installed the correct one. My account was credited for the cost of the part.. I had to pay the shipping, each way ($15.00 x2), and that is not right. The big problem with Amazon is you cannot contact them.. Ther is no phone no. If you email them its generic I.e. they don't read your explanation. I was told by an authorized LG serviceman that this part no. Is used on all late model machines I.e. post 2004. The part you are asking about and I received in error is for older machines I.e. 2004 and earlier. I would check to be sure you are getting the correct part number. LG makes all these parts. The install is involved but anyone with moderate to good mechanical appitude can do it in about two hours. Go to you tube to watch an excellent video. Good luck, my machine is now better than it was when new. I believe I had a defective part from the start.
As a general rule, when the part numbers are identical except for the last letter, especially from an A to a B, the change of the last letter is to indicate that a newer version has been released. This is much the same as software programs that have updates that are sequentially numbered. This is my experience as a maintenence professional but you could check with a parts professional for insight.
I don't recall any open plugs.
I would say probably. It looks like the same washer I have. FYI this is a gratifying repair--washer will work like new when you replace this. Also, you can easily find the instructions on you-tube.
Yes, it fit the LDF6920 machine of ours and worked out well.
yes the new motor has been updated by LG. I replace that same motor on my dishwasher 3 years ago.
No they are rollers only.
I only needed two
They fit perfectly on my dryer. I used all the old shafts/Bolts, I just cleaned off all the build up. Just be careful when removing the triangle clips. The bend enough to be taken off but can break if you put too much force.
My model had all black rollers. I purchased these and installed with no problems. I compared sizes from the old and new, and aside from the wearing down of the originals, they were exactly the same! Buy and install with confidence.
Yes this the way I used it, but you will need to purchase the charcoal filters to cut down on smoke & cooking smells!
If you turn the fan on high it's pretty loud.
It should. Mine are about 9 ft and it fits perfectly.
It has number of speeds, clock, and a time. I don't use the clock much because it only displays in military time, nor the timer just because I've never spent the time to figure it out (it doesn't look immediately intuitive).
My guess would be the six inches.
"The exact measurements are 29 5/8 x 20 1/16 x 2 13/16 (base). The mounting holes are 9 1/2 on center and they are 12"" from the bottom of the base. Chimney coverings, they telescope within each other, one is 11 13/16 (w) x 10 9/16 (d), the other is 11 7/8 (w) x 10 5/8 (d)."
Here is the company phone number: 1-626-453-0550. You will need to ask them this question as I did not use it this way.
Yes. Order the same chimney sections. They fit together nicely.
I don't think it can. If it can I don't find a way to do it.
Yes. You need to attach the hood to your 6 inch duct that goes outside. The duct attaches to the hood on the top center, almost at the rear of the hood.
Yes it should... The two sections collapse inside one another. This looks very nice on the wall, but a serious pain to put up. Do you really have 7 foot ceilings in your kitchen?
You will need to order directly from the manufacture. I believe there in Southern California and an additional two is around $60. You can find the manufactures phone number on their website good luck.
It is thin but the overall quality is solid
"Height without upper extension is 19"". I see too small rectangular openings 5"" below the top edge of upper extension, where it connects to the ceiling. if these openings are not important then you can get rid of the upper extension, otherwise the minimum height becomes around 24""."
I do not recall mentioning the gauge of the stainless in my review. All of the stainless steel parts are durable and not prone to deformation. I have moved the vent off the wall twice to paint and trim with no damage or issues.
Wall mount only
Press and Hold the clock button down until the hours blink Press the fan + or - to move the hours up or down (it is a 24 hour clock, so 1 p.m. will be 13). Press the clock button once and the minutes will blink. Press the fan + or - to move the minutes up or down. Press the clock button once, and your time is set.
If there is a way to change it from a 24-hour clock, I have yet to find it. The display is small, so it really isn't a problem. Having lived in Europe and been in the military, the 24-clock doesn't bother me in the least. From a product viewpoint, it would have been better if the manufacturer made it more adaptable to the way people are comfortable viewing the time of day.
Never had any problems except the military time format.
No it is not. We purchased this unit with the understanding it was recirculating but it is not. Beautiful unit and it works great when vented but customer service from DKNY direct is below what we expected.
I had a very bad experience with akdy. They sent a previously returned vent cover, clearly scratched. They sent me a replacement vent for a completely different hood and then sent a third that still doesn't fit right. Pay the extra money for a better product that services the customers better. Very poor experience with akdy.
I can't answer this because we have 8 foot ceilings and we installed as an internal fan unit, no chimney. I can tell you that this hood looks fantastic, however the clock is fast on ours and at times the digital fan settings will not work. If I play with them I can usually get them to work. Still, for the price we paid, it's a bargain and people always comment on it thinking we spent thousands on it. I've never measured the opening. I wish I could help more.
No, it has flexible duct that needs to be run to an outside vent or attic
apparently they don't have any idea of what you're talking about
Sorry but I can't help you. I'm building a house and have not installed the fan yet.
Great question, I didn't use them. By the way, this is a really nice hood. It works really well and is not loud. The only point I have about it is I cannot seem to figure out how to get the clock to read 12 hour time instead of a 24 hour clock(military time). That's a little annoying, other than that I think you'll be happy. Without the rubber mounts is doesn't rattle at all. Hope this helps.
Yes, the lights are on both front corners and are ok, not really bright but will do the job. I have recessed lighting in the ceiling as well and half the time turn those on as well for better lighting. It's a nice unit, the vent works very well and is pretty quite. I installed this with my neighbor and it was a bit of a job getting it centered and proper height. It looks good and works quite well, I would recommend this pretty highly.
The hood comes in 2 pieces. So yes it can go down to 16 and up. Charidy Hope this helps
Comes with Easy-to-remove, dishwasher safe anodized aluminum filters keep maintenance to a minimum but if you installing for ductless option, you can order additional carbon filters available at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004S96K6C for $29.9
The chimney top of the hood extends; however, I doubt it would reach to the top of a cathedral ceiling. I believe the specs show it will go to about 8' high. You could contact the company to see about purchasing additional chimney extensions.
It's the heat and smoke sensor
It is plug in.
No. It only displays military time.
this design is in the 24 military format
Baffle filters
You can request the delivery company to hook up for a fee. I hooked mine up myself. All it takes is a wall outlet and screwing the water hose to the wall and the fridge. Took me all of 5 minutes.
Home depot is wrong from experience. Mine was correct on Amazon and LG when I purchased mine. I would go from typing the model number to the LG site and use manufacture specs.
"I have the counter depth model. The body of the refridgerator is the same depth as my counters. The handles do protrude out in front. It is not enough to affect movement in my kitchen. The model with a depth of 30-34"" would stick out considerably from the counters. It is larger capacity though. It would probably work if one side of the fridge were against a wall."
Our installer told us the fridge had to be tipped slightly backwards to secure gravity assisted closure of the doors. Strictly level does not do it. Our installer was home depot who said they see this all the time. Our doors snap shut perfectly.
you need to pay for installation to have every thing installed and old fridge removed
how much for shipping
"Here you go: 35 3/4"" x 70 1/4"" x 30 3/4"""
I don't see a question no Idea what you need . All I know is door bins all broke in under 1 yr and LG was Un-willng to be of any assistance. The design and construction is terrible. And new bins 5 at $50 ea. Make for a very expensive refer
All amazon orders are white glove delivery. They will not install or remove, just uncrate the appliance purchased. Thank you
"35 1/2"""
I don't know and if you meant Giardia, I wouldn't trust it. I'd still boil the water from this filter for cooking and drink bottled water.
This is a carbon filter to improve the taste of the water. If your water has high mineral content, you'll need a more comprehensive solution (water softener/reverse osmosis - hard to say at this point). In my area, I would talk to a local irrigation supply house - they can connect you with someone to test your water. Once you have that test, they can point you toward a solution. The solution all depends on your budget. The least cost option - don't wash you car in sun and dry it off with a towel.
Off the top of my head I think it said 11000. But obviously depends on how bad the water.
No
The filter is threaded on both ends. It's best to use quick connects to protect the plastic threads.
Yes, it is. This is the second Omnipure I have purchased. It seems to function the same as the Everpure H-300.
Yes, KDF identifies a filtration media within the filter. You can look up KDF on the web for further information.
They should eventually go away. Your h300 is a .25 micronfilter. The elf-5m-kdf-p is 5 micron, it will allow much larger particles through. If they are white it may be calcium. Harmless go nack to the h300 much better filter
Hello, please copy and paste this link. http://www.amazon.com/Compatible-9655-11-9326-11H-Replacement-BevGuard/dp/B00CUE0CPM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1378092048&sr=8-1&keywords=bgh3200s+pavel
Elf fits where H300 filter fits just fine.
The adhesive is pretty strong. If you were to try to remove this product, you would probably lift some of any underlying paint, depending on the quality and age of that paint. But, I don't think it would do any serious damage to the wall. I did a test piece on a wall with a decent paint job, and I was able to remove with no damage at all.
Hello. No, the film is still only paper, with a stainless steel look and no magnetic qualities.
I think it would peel off. Actually I used mi no to cover shutter louvers and it wouldn't stay. I believe the film is best suited for metallic surfaces.
satin
Depends on where the curves are. Mine has curves around the sides of the doors. And it did great.
If your backsplash is a few feet long it can. Mine is a little over 9 feet and I scrapped this material for 18 gauge stainless steel because of the difficulty of managing this thin material. The additional cost of SS sheet is worth the effort and cost.
I used it on my dishwasher. It worked pretty well.
I have put fairly hot items on my table without marringnor melting. I doubt that the front of an oven would get hot enough tp melt it.
It might. I used this product over a textured finish on the side of my oven and it looks smooth.
I just use windex
The vent that comes with it is a metal foil vent. But you can attach it to a metal vent and attach the metal vent to your dryer. That's what we've done.
once a month
I think it would be fine in that environment.
No outside ventilation required...
Yes it can. I have mine on the wall and it is great and it was very easy to mount.
Not sure due to the possibility of gas fumes needing to escape
Well I'm not sure about that. They are not the best idea to use indoors as there will be moisture which can cause mold. I'm using it as a cheap outdoor vent. Sliding the hose and lint trap out my sliding door on the deck ouside. If you use it indoors be sure to wipe down the moisture left behind. And clean the lint trap after every use.
Not sure, but I don't think it meets code. I had to beg to Ge the best buy guys to install my dryer with it. They are afraid of liability if you should allow it to become depleted of water and use the dryer.., there may be a fire
Yes it is the standard size
Yes, it can. You need to drill a hole in the back in order to mount it on the wall, and obviously need enough clearance so you can add water to the base and clean the filter. Since all the lint gathers on the screen and then drops into the drawer below, this is what you need to be able to detach, not the whole unit. Although you did not ask, this is a wonderful product well worth the small investment. My previous dryer has a self-contained lint system, but my new one needed to be vented outside. I was afraid of animals getting in the venting, so I went to this model instead of outdoor venting. It has worked perfectly and I would recommend it to anyone.
"The width is 12"""
That is the outside dimension. It is not square but irregular to fit the dryer. It's perfect match to existing filter.
I don't know , we purchased for our Maytag, seems to be working fine.
"I do not have a ""Whirlpool Duet Dryer. I suspect that my dryer is the same as the Whirlpool. Only one or two companies make drers and they wind up all over with different names. I purchased this lint screen for my dryer. It does the job. I do not feel that it is as well made but as I said, It does the job. John"
I would not put in dishwasher. Soak is soapy water , light bristle brush, rinse and let air dry
They are the aluminum screens that replace the ones already on your hood.
"14.25"" x 11.75"""
"Dimensions: 11.3/4"" x 14-1/4"" x 3/8"""
standard size.
Sure. It comes with standard plug.
It uses the same plug, hoses, and drain as a standard washer.
The dry cycle and the prewash cycle are options that can be manually added to most wash settings, but they are not selected automatically and sport, hand wash, and wool settings will not allow the dry cycle. There are also a separate dry setting and refresh (quick dry) setting which do not go through the wash cycles.
For average person no . Does not come whit rollers, I am a strong man and for me it is very hard to move it . As rules ,If you weight less than 200 lb don't expected to move it.
ventless only
Yes, it is :)
Yes but you need a y that connects to the hot water also. Or you can put a cap on the hot water side.
23 7/16 wide
Yes
Yes it does
The doors do come off. Not sure how easily as they were removed by the delivery company to get the fridge up a flight of stairs. They were put back on with ease. FYI - the handles also come off the doors if that is an option - then you might not have to remove the door. Best of luck.
"Mine is a different sounding fridge, but not really louder, I believe it is mostly fan noise not compressor noise. But ... make sure that you have at least 2"" of air gap in the back. It is such a big unit it is tempting to push it back as far as you can. The better air flow you have over the back the less sound you hear."
It does have hot water capability. 10 ounces @ 190F max. Not exactly ideal for black tea, but works for green tea, hot chocolate, and instant oatmeal. Mine is being delivered this week and I will post a review after I get a feel for it.
The height dimensions are 69 and 7/8, so you might be tight on the height aspect. It's also a very deep fridge, extending a couple of inches beyond my lower cabinets beside the fridge. Another thing that was problematic was the delivery. The fridge is so deep that it barely fit through the front door. It wasn't the fridge depth so much, but on the left fridge door, the ice maker button extends out about another inch exceeding the dimensions of our front door. Fortunately the guys that delivered it were pretty expert, and completely took off the fridge door to get it in the house.
It takes so long to heat the water that an accidental mishap is extremely unlikely. We never use the feature as it is much faster to microwave the cup of water than wait. I checked it out just to verify it works and no one has used it since. If you don't have a microwave than it is useful if you are a patient individual.
It is black.
5 1/2 minutes. At first that felt like a long time. Now I love it - I simply occupy myself with something for that time and I am not microwaving my water.
If one side of the refrigerator is NOT adjacent to a wall, you should be ok. If it is, you will need more room. The unit is a few inches taller than my old fridge, so if you have overhead cabinets, you need to be aware of that, as well.
Yes
Diana, The door also has 2 adjustable shelves on the right side. The left side of the door has storage for soda cans and there is a shelf across the bottom of the door that can accommodate a 2 liter bottle of soda on the right side (depending on how the shelves above are adjusted).
There is no freezer. However, the cooling tubing is vertical along the inner back wall and it is still possible that that could frost over. As an automatic feature, when the compressor cycles off, the frost melts, runoff is captured in a trough and drains through a hole at the base of the inner back wall to an evaporation tray below the compressor. Once you get your temp set to your satisfaction, just check every so often that the drain hole isn't plugged by debris or whatever.
"W 20.5"" D 21"" H 33"""
Absouletly, I have one on my patio for eight years, still works great.
Well, we saw good reviews on Danby, I did hear @ it too. It was great and no freezer, therefore, no defrost either. We really like it for my husband's cavemen...
"The main compartment is 20"" high, 17"" wide & 12"" deep. The bottom section where the compressor is located is 8"" high, 17"" wide & 7"" deep. There is extra area in the door for bottles & cans. All the shelves can be removed."
We have this in our bedroom. Yes, the fridge's compressor does make some noise, but not enough to bother us when we sleep.
It will hold eight 12 ounce cans in the door holder. We are using this in our visitor garage apartment. I keep the can holder full of 12 ounce cans in the door, a 2 liter bottle of a different soda in the door, there is room for a half dozen eggs in the door (I don't use this option), about 12-18 bottles of water (20 oz bottles), and random snacks.
I have used this as a kegerator. It fits 2 5gal cornys, a 5lb gas tank. I fitted a dual tower tap on top.
I bought a little thermometer and put it in the fridge. It will freeze soda and bottled water if set to the coldest.
No it is not. Works on 110 and I might add that it was a great buy and works great. Use it in our 5 th wheel RV and delivers all of the ice that I need.
I usually turn it off during the night but you don't have too. I just do it to unplug electrical items. It words really well. Small but makes lots of ice.
I have a hard time sometimes getting a hold on the drain to pull the plug but I relate it to the strength in my hands. Otherwise I don't have a problem. Hope that helps. Roxanne
I read somewhere to use 50/50 vinegar and water, run it few a cycle or two. HTH
This would be perfect on size small setting
I don't know about nugget ice, but the cubes are small like little light buds. I like it.
According to the tag it uses 172.5 to make the ice and 230 for the storage
No
"This unit is 9 1/2"" wide, 14"" deep, 13"" High. This machine pumps ice out fast."
Large is just 1.5 times bigger than peanut m and m's. Small is size of marble.
When it was delivered, they unpacked, brought into house, and put where I wanted. I inspected it and signed for it. You will need to take off all the protective film on stainless (I recommend pulling it away then using a razor blade along the rubber part on door so it comes off clean). You will also have to put in drawers in fridge. The last thing is hook up the water line. All 3 of those are simple. The water line is as simple as screwing it on and turning water line on. You will have to put filter in. The only thing i did not do is put the brackets in wall so fridge doesnt tip. I am pretty sure you are safe from your fridge falling over.
"Mine measures 70-1/4"" from the floor to the highest point at the hinges."
I don't know if there is a way to lock the wheels. We did adjust the knobs by the wheels that levels it which now keeps it from rolling. Before that I couldn't open the door without pulling it out of its cubby. Hope that helps.
It has legs that screw out and take the weight off the wheels, but I would NOT buy this Frig. It is very noise! You can hear the motor running all the time, and it has a couple speeds. Even when it is on the low speed you can hear it. When it is kicked on and running full strength you can hear it from 30 feet away. I even had GE come out to look at it a couple of times. This is such a comment complain (google it GE cafe and noise) that they developed a housing that goes around the motor, but I did not notice an improvement. So my advice is to get an LG or some other brand. My last frig was an LG and it was a 100 times better. Also the ice maker always gets clogged, requiring you remove the tray and fix the issue. The ice maker is also VERY slow. No chance it will provide more than 4 glasses in a night....which when you have company is easy to do.
Nope, you have to engage the water dispenser (by pressing cup against it). It's also not especially precise. I'd say it's more of an estimate, often off by an ounce or two.
I believe it was 1 year. I purchased an extended warranty
"The assembled height is 69.875"""
"Dimensions Width : 35 3/4"" Depth : 31 1/4"" Depth without Handles : 30 1/4"" Depth with Door at 90 : 43 3/8"" Height : 69 7/8"" Height without Hinges : 69"""
31 1/8 inches.
Yes it does
it's just the color. It is stainless steel.
No.
"10"""
Yes. Easy to install.
Stephanie, I am nearly positive that this is the right part. I'm no tech, I'm just a do it yourself guy... but that is pretty much THE balance kit that works for A LOT of their models... it's kind of universal. So much so that you can probably find it in-stock at any local appliance parts place.
Entire dishwasher must be withdrawn (at least partially) from the cabinet. The original guide is found near the door hinge. I reused the original guides and only used the cord cable. Bottom line is that it is a poor design and cheap only for the manufacturer.
Most likely because dishwashers share the same parts but you need to verify on the KitchenAid website.
"Yes - According to manufacturers blurb it replaces ""This filter replaces all of the following filters: LG Filters - LT700P, ADQ36006101, ADQ36006101-S, ADQ36006101S, ADQ36006102, ADQ36006102-S, ADQ36006102S, 048231783705, ADQ36006101 and Sears/Kenmore Filters - 9690, 46-9690, LT700P."""
In a word Yes. I use them in my Kenmore Elite refrigerator. It states on the filter box that it replaces 46-9690.
I wish that i could be of more help but without going to the manufacturer's information sheet (www.watersentinelfilters.com WSL-3) i can only help with what i know and am reading off the container. It does take the taste and smell of Chlorine from the water. I haven't noticed any any Sulfur smells and i know that it takes out some of the other hard particulates. Wish i could be of more help. Good luck.
yes. you reset it in the main display on the fridge door. the days are counted down through the main display not when the filter says it's no good.
I've had mine in for over a month and have noticed no decrease in pressure
You should check your fridge manual to see what water filter it needs. This filter works for the LG700P. I did a quick google search and it appears that the LG700P is the one for your fridge, but don't take mine or googles word for it, I would still check the manual before purchasing.
Yes. The LG uses a standard, this fits them in that standard.
I can't answer that because I have a LG. I would email the seller.
"Yep Dori...& free shipping w/""prime"" membership!"
I have a different model of LG and it was the same size - not sure if it is compatable or not with your model.
Actual dimensions 23 5/8 deep by 35 3/4 wide at the glass and is adjustable hieght up to 9 ft ceiling. Should be mounted 28 to 29 inches from cook surface to underside of unit.
On the face of it, I'd say 8 feet. My ceiling was a tad less than 7 feet, so I cut the tower, and it works fine.
Yes , ours is mounted to the ceiling which is vented.
"6"""
24hrs
The height is adjustable so should not be a problem.
I don't think it's that loud . Its not whispering quite but not annoying loud either . It's nice and I feel well worth the price . .
"It depends on how high off the cooktop you want the vent. With a standard height of a cooktop the vent would be 36"" to 40"" with a 10' ceiling. If that is too high, you could frame out an area above where you are going to install the vent and drop the height to 9' then you would be able to adjust the height of the vent accordingly. Since I installed this vent it has worked fantastic and looks awesome. It really clears the cooking odors out of the kitchen and I love the auto timer. It would be a good choice."
it comes with extendable plastic ducting don't remember how long ( think 3-4 feet ) so i would hang on until i get it see if can do with that one, then measure how much you need if any.
I didn't buy one. I only bought the filters from home depot and every thing is working very well.
You need something very narrow to go in that hole. I used a tiny meat thermometer and jammed it around in there before it switched over. Hope that helps!
"Width: 3 7/8"". Height: 4 1/8"" Thickness: 3/4"" Good product."
No
Dear friend, Yes,it is. Cindy
I have not used for delicates, but I can say the machine has selection of a delicates cycle and you can choose soak only too. Soak setting stirs the water only a few times to mix the soap and water, then sits, maybe that would work too.
It was defective and I never got to use it. I bought it in June, and have yet to get a refund. The casters can't hold the weight and flatten out, and hoses are so cheap and thin they won't hold up. Mine came already damaged and was unusable. It also wasn't new, as there was black tape wrapped around the bottom of the hose to fix someone else's prior problem. The Haier 1.46 cf has much better hosing, is not noisey, cleans well, and I put good caster's where the leveling feet were and it's perfect.
It runs really quietly in my opinion. It comes with an additional noise dampening plate hidden under the foam in the box. Sometimes the splashing water is the noisiest part of the wash. It doesn't vibrate if it it well balanced. Nice little washer with big capacity, kinda rough on the clothes though.
Is the drain hose hanging I've the sink high enough? (Once you get it working, consider buying a lint trap to zip tie around the end of the drain hose. You'll be surprised at how much lint collects. Not the best for general plumbing.) Good luck!!
Its awesome for small family
It did a pretty decent size load. It's pretty deep. However, the Avanti is better. Our Sonya broke early on, and dealing with their customer service was a huge pain. It took two months to get them to take the machine back and credit us.
"We've asked around, and the recommendation we've received for machines of this type (the technology is called ""smart drum"") is to use detergent labeled ""High Efficiency"" or ""HE"". We've had excellent results with Tide Free & Gentle HE."
I think that you may use a Y-connector--generally, those are intended for two garden hoses for homes. Such a Y-connector would have a valve for each side (H/C). You may need to attach small hoses to the outlets in order to attach the Y-connector--perhaps conventional washing machine hoses.. People with other models have mentioned this solution, anyway.
Yes.
yes, There is a sensor to control the water level,it's automatic, so no worry.
It is quite a bit louder than I expected. You would not want this in the same room where you watch television, for example.
Yes. Once the ice is made it falls into a tray where the ice is stored. Since the unit is not a freezer, the ice may melt depending on ambient temperature. The good news is that if the ice melts the water is recycled and will be made into ice again.
The return time is 30 days for amazon and there is a 1 year warranty from the manufacturer. I'm going to send mine back. The water inside never freezes. That's not good for an ice-maker. Get it? Water + freeze = ice cubes. no freezo no ice cubes
The unit has two ice settings; small and large. The only difference between small and large is how hollow the pieces are. Large pieces are a square that is concave on one side. Small pieces are a square that is the same size but quite hollow. It will take a lot longer to make 'large' pieces than 'small' pieces. Also if the ambient temperature is too high where you have the ice maker, it might not even be possible to make 'large' pieces. The manual recommends 'small' unless the room is within a fairly tight temperature range.
Mine is 115VAC only. Doesn't draw much current. Rated at 2.7A.
110v
Yes.
has plenty of ice, and no water line. I fill up to line with abt 3 small bottles of water and good to go. went through abt. 4 until I settled on thisone and it is absolutely great.
"It has a rather small basket. This is an ice maker is not designed to ""store"" ice, since the basket area is not refrigerated. It makes about a gallon of good clear cubes in a couple of hours, but you need to monitor it and dump the ice basket into your freezer in a bag or we use our fridge ice make bin (ice maker doesn't work in fridge). When the unit runs during the day while we'll at work, most of the ice melts and then shuts off. When we get home, we just turn it back on and the ice starts pumping out. We have been very satisfied with this unit."
Manual says, conditions for ice making cycle are right but no ice is made....Call for service...626-912-9877, ext 107/120, mon-fri 8am_5pm pdt email: info@maxi-magic.com. website : www.maxi-matic.com
The lid does not lock. you can open it anytime and the only thing that happens is the clothes stop spinning/washing.
I'm not certain; however, upon removing the machine from its original box and packing material I was required to remove a metal bar which held the tub components in place during shipping... combine that with the machine having a high spin rpm rate, and is extremely quiet, my experience would lead me to favor a direct drive mechanism and not a belt driven system. We love the machine and are very pleased with it... it's even quieter than our clothes dryer!
Even on the deep fill, the water won't fill more than 3/4 of the drum.
no, deep fill is the highest water can (and should) go on this tub.. for us it wasn't a problem as we're coming from a 3.2cf and this is a 3.9cf so it's working well for us.. biggest thing we have is a Queen comforter and it washes it without a problem..
I have given a link to to energy guide for this unit below. Further information can be obtained from the manufacturer. http://www.goedekers.com/assets/PDF/GE/gtwn5650fwsenergyguide.pdf
It can wash a king bedspread or comforter, however, first want to make sure you follow the manufacturer of the comforter's washing directions. If it is machine washable, make certain you can put it in the washer without having to pack it in. It should fit loosely around the agitator. If you have to stuff it in, you do not want to wash it, as it will not get totally clean. I hope this helps. Thanks for checking!
Yes
No
The hoses were inside the washer. I am sure yours will be also, just open it up.
It depends on load size, but an average size takes 44 minutes (plus fill time).
"Check out Consumer Reports. They also said this is a great rerigerator except for the noise. The noise kept it from being the number one pick. BTW, we just got our new Samsung french door counter depth rerigerator. It is ""Whisper"" quiet. You have to actually listen to tell if it is running."
From the floor to the top of the door hinge (highest point) is 70 inches.
"Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! The space for this refrigerator should be at least 36.5"" wide by 70"" high by 34.5"" deep. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call me at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's"
"From what was told to me from ""repairmen"" ...can push button next to green light, several times to reset ...light to green ....and definitely if the water tastes ""funny"", change filter. Manufacture recommendation is ...""change every 6 months""...but I personally am @ the 10-month ""mark"" and light is still green and water has no ""funny' taste ... I recommend have a new filter ""on hand"" ..just be proactive/preventive ..."
It's working in my Kenmore Elite refrigerator with the 9930 filter.
W10291030 is the part number listed in our manual but the part number listed on the actual filter is 10295370 and it has worked fine.
We only sale the singles ($30.59 each) Please let me know if I can be of further assistance!
Not sure, my refrigerator is a Whirlpool side by side and W10295370A is the model listed in the users guide. If you don't have a users guide, you can look for one on line under the manufacturers name.
Mine is the real deal, matched old filter that came with frig exactly, no taste or odor problems at all. You must however follow instructions for flushing filter after installation
Yes! That's the one I have and this one worked perfectly. Make sure to jam it in good when you install it if this is your first time replacing the filter. (I thought it was just a gentle push-in and ended up having a waterfall inside my fridge ;).
They appear to be the same filters to me.
If the number is the same, it should. Some of the filters work on more than one brand.
It's whirlpool, but the one I've ordered had the same number that it's listed under and one I needed. My refrigerator is the WRT771RWYM whirlpool top freezer and it has interior water filter. Regardless, I wouldn't really suggest ordering here. I ordered from here and after running a couple gallons like normal to clean it it still came out with a really disgusting taste. I ran it even more then tried it same thing. I looked at reviews after that said they had same issue.
Yes it does pull right under 2 amps it is a great friend we own 2 of them
its roughly 16in wide by 10in high , pretty deep inside with enough room to fit at least 4 larget tv dinners, and whatever else you may want to put in there. I usually have 4 dinners. some frozen burritos, chicken patty bag and ice cubes at one time. its a very large freezer for a smaller office refrig. really nice. you wont be sorry if you are looking for freezer space. and this unit works great, and is not noisy. take care mark c.
Are you askink if it is insured if so I think it is
The Keystone KSTRC312BW 3.1 Cu. Ft. Refrigerator with Separate Freezer comes with a 1 year warranty. (parts & labor)
The part # for the black is KEYSTONE KSTRC312BB 3.1 CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR.
Hello, and thank you for your inquiry! The exterior dimensions of this product are 20 x 18.5 x 33.2 inches. Also, in the product description to the left of the picture, there should be 3 small thumbnail photos. Scrollover those or click on them to see a larger view. One is of the interior. I hope this answers your questions. If you need anything else, please let me know. As always, please feel free to visit our website! Kind Regards, andrea - indeHomes
No. Once you close the lid, the motor starts. This machine is mainly meant for extracting water, not rinsing. Hope this helps.
This device does not heat the clothes. Centrifugal force is generated by the spinning-expelling most of the moisture.
"The best answer I can give you is a comparison, since I own both. I stand about 6'2"" around 200 lbs, but enough about me. I take a regular pair of Wrangler jeans and barely fit them into the mini dryer. With the Nina Soft Spin I can take two pair of jeans, with a little room left to possibly put in another pair. Then again if you were asking about the height and width; the footprint on the Nina is about 3"" bigger in diameter while it is about 6"" taller and spins a lot faster than the Mini."
Yes - just a regular plug
"Dimensions are listed as 14""x14""x24""...so 24"" tall."
Hi, they were only out of stock for a brief time, they are in stock now and for the foreseeable future. We try very hard to keep products in stock at all times, once in a while if sales are much higher than expected we run out.
Clothes come out just slightly damp. I usually hang shirts on a hanger or use a portable dryer stand. Clothing does not drip, and items are ready to wear in a few hours. No, the spin dryer does not remove pet hair or lint, only water.
When I can wash sweat shirts and sweat pants in my Wonder Washer then transfer them to my Nina Soft Spin Dryer, spin for approximately 3 to 5 minutes and the clothes are almost dry, I'd say that the centrifugal force would be to much for cashmere. I hope this helps.
cant answer for clothes as I just use it for felt, but in a very short time, since all the water has been removed.
At the time I bought it, there was a spinner that had a higher RPM. I contacted the company and they said they were discontinuing it due to mechanical issues. I went ahead and bought this one and was reasonably happy with it.
Yes it is. The only thing is the compressor has a slight hum when it runs. It's cold and very convenient to have by the bed
I have the larger model. All I can say is that the Amazon website had accurate specs for my model and the specs for the 3.3 size are on the website as well.
I have it inside. But I guess if you have it under an overhang you should be fine
Yes, although you probably want to ventilate it
Not sure precise temps but, you can set it low enough to freeze food in certain spots. I would say normal range for any regular refridgerator
Here is the information you were inquiring about 17.7 x 18.5 x 32.8 inches.
All of the documentation that came with the washer says 5.2 Cu. Ft.
Mine came with hoses and a power cord for the washer but not the dryer.
This is the electric version, but the gas version should be available soon.
"Do you mean the over all dimensions outside? 29"" x 40 4/5"" x 32 3/10"". The dimensions for the washer and dry are pretty much the same. The washer weighs about 227 lbs and the dry weighs about 158 lbs."
yes. We have washed king comforters AND sheet sets together. The washer has no problem with it, and the dryer is phenomenal. This pair is the best on the market. Worth the money. Quick, efficient, quiet.
"They are right at 41"" tall without pedestals. The Amazon item I purchased included the pedestals but the units themselves can be purchased without pedestals. It would depend on supplier as to how they group it. The 4 pc set with free delivery from Amazon was cheaper than just buying washer and dryer from local retailers"
Most of the Front Load Washers have stinky smell. Users need to perform maintenance twice a year with simple clean up. There is a bigger problem with reliability because they break down often, including the expensive front load washer and dryer. Check out before you make a major purchase.
The ones I received are graphite and GORGEOUS
Hi Lynne. The machines we bought are definitely in graphite. I've never seen them in white, but I suppose one might find them. Terrific machines, by the way.
No. Only use the blue ones. They are made by Whirlpool. It says you can use it on Kitchen Aid, Maytag, Amana and Jenn-Air.
"The ones I got were the blue ones and I couldn't find ""disposable"" misspelled. These were PUR filters. These filters were just like the original that came in my refrigerator."
Yes. ...must discord few glasses of water some sort of oily substance. Than work fine
Color and leaks. The non-translucent, these ones, leak.
Purple is what I received, although the picture on the box is blue. Says Whirlpool and fits 5 brands. I didn't care about the color.
1 gallon
I don't think so. We have a whirlpool gold.
You mean if you have a side by side fridge and freezer? You could lock one to the other. Put one on the freezer door and one on the fridge door and lock them together. It attaches with adhesive and it's strong.
Either or will fit
Yes, 2 sets will completely lock the doors
I assume it would stick just fine but if not buy some E6000 glue from Dollar General or welder glue from Wal-Mart and it will never come off I promise you!
There's both about 8inches
"It didn't work to deter my teenagers, as they pulled hard and the ""foam"" padding ripped away from backing. That said, I had a ""lock"" on there that doesn't really look like a lock and they weren't paying attention and just grabber and yanked the door as usual (the door sticks, so we all used to giving it a good strong pull to open it under normal conditions). But to deter burglars?....just depends on how determined in burglars is. All they'd need to do is slip a sharp, thin knife between the metal piece and the door and cut the foam backing. Would I risk 1000s of dollars of food if I was using this on a restaurant fridge? No, I wouldn't, I'd figure out how to get some holes of some sort drilled into the fridge instead. Hope that helps! Good luck."
Back
yes, it uses a Samsung DA29-00020B
It has another bin thing that slides back to get to then other big one ! It's a great fridge
The ice cubes are half-circles, maybe about the size of two Tootsie Rolls.
No
Open the refrigerator the ice bin is on the top left if you look at the bottom corner you will find a button push that button and pull on the front of the ice bin. It will pop out
Sparkling water and regular water use separate buttons, which you can separately use on the fly.
Mine works great. Fills as fast or a little faster than my sub zero did. Might be your pressure.
It's constructed to require Sodstream 60L CO2 canisters. If you buy the refrigerator, Samsung will give you a $30 rebate off of a Sodastream canister; thereafter, you can exchange the canister at many places for $15. There's also a company that makes a converter that supposedly enables you to use standard CO2 canisters with this fridge.
You can put anything you want in the sparkling water. That said, as others have mentioned, the sparkling water isn't nearly as carbonated as the sparkling water that's included in soda such as Coke, 7-Up, etc. So, this sparkling water dispenser isn't a great alternative to soda pop. Also, because the sparkling water isn't heavily carbonated, I personally don't like adding the soda mixes, because they just make the water taste like *flat* soda pop.
Good afternoon, Unfortunately we do not carry the required part is our stock. Kind Regards, Customer Services Spares4Appliances
Good afternoon, Thank you for your enquiry. I'm very sorry but we do not carry the correct part that you require. If you have any other queries, please feel free to contact us Kind regards, Annie
Hi, Please provide a full ENR code of the appliance. thank you Kind regards S4A
http://www.amazon.com/Genuine-Dishwasher-DETERGENT-DISPENSER-265837/dp/B00COPIM4U/ref=sr_1_1?s=hi&ie=UTF8&qid=1390482915&sr=1-1&keywords=490467 Kind regards S4A
Hi, The correct part for your appliance is 490467 Kind regards S4A
Yes. It's noisy when air moves through with the unit off, when it's windy outside. It's probably best to use an outside vent cover that has a good built in flap.
"Glass is 30"" from side to side."
I set it once based on the instruction set (which I don't have anymore). I think you have to press and hold one of the buttons for a few seconds to set the minutes and press again to set the seconds. Not sure which button though. Good luck. My clock ran 5 minutes fast everyday so I've just ignored it since then.
Yes, they will sell you an additional extension...I called to order because I couldn't find online
Ductless was not part of the package, we had to call the manufacturer for that option after we purchased it
The lights are LED and they are very nice. We are very happy with the range hood. It is modern, bright and has a great fan. I did not find it noisy even on high speed. The hood makes our white mosaic glass and white cabinet kitchen sparkle. We used Bianco Antico granite and all stainless appliances. I don't have a picture handy, but it came out beautiful
"My unit is full at this time, and I'm unable to move it enough to see if the legs are removable, but they're adjustable for leveling, so there's a possibility they can be removed. That being said, if the legs come off, there's a metal plate on the bottom (aprox 1/4"" thick) and the hardware for the door's hinge. The leg on that side is a different size to accommodate the hinge. Without legs you would still need a platform on the bottom for balance(?) As it sets on the counter the unit measures 21 1/8"" to the top, and 22"" including the hinge. It's a great unit, and a very good value, I hope it works out for you!"
Yes, I find it very quiet and vibration free since it has no compressor. When the house is very quiet I can barely hear it cycle on.
It does not have a lock
"I have mine under a desk in the kitchen with 4"" clearance on all sides. There is no apparent heat coming off the unit."
"I take your question to be ""does the cooler restart after a power failure"" -- to which the answer is ""yes""."
When the power comes back on so does the unit. It doesn't have a backup power supply.
"The inside dimensions are basically a ""box"" that safely measures 13"" x 13"""
It is 22 inches from the floor including the hinges.
"My guess is that whoever entered the specs saw ""capacity"" and entered ""20"" meaning *bottles* without noticing the units."
Yes. It is on my carpet floor and seems to be perfectly fine.
Viviane, this model comes with a junction box and cord that will run from the unit to your electrical wiring. The only thing you might need is more electrical line if the junction box is unable to reach your wiring connection.
My plumber make the connection but he did not report any problems from replacing the old one.
I haven't noticed any difference from my previous (Bosch and Asko), but usually run at night and unload in AM.
compared to maytag I can barely tell the disher is on.
Plastic coated metal.
No it doesn't need a kit. It comes with everything you should need. I had to move my electrical supply from the back wall where the dishwasher slides in to the left hand side outside the dishwasher space. I placed mine was under the kitchen sink, will work on either side. If you didn't already have a dishwasher you may need the Y piece to attach the dishwasher drain to the exhisting sink drain.
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! There is a small series of buttons that you can use to cancel and drain the dishwasher while running. The series is discussed in the accompanying user manual.
No. This unit has a soft food disposer.
It makes a chime noise. Thank you!
Thank you for your interest in Goedeker's! The AquaStop system will isolate and stop leaks as the water is coming into the dishwasher. This is one of the most common causes of water damage to floors. There is an upgraded system on the high-end models called AquaStop Plus which also stops leaks during drainage. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call me at 1-888-768-1710. Thank you and have a great day! -Danielle at Goedeker's
Filter I think. Works fine for our family. No problems as we have a Golden Retriever for pre-wash.
Sort of a long answer. There are five cycles to choose from, and once you choose a cycle you can also choose from four options (but you don't have to choose an option). Here are the cycle times: a) Heavy - 2:15, b) Auto - 2:09, c) Normal - 2:15, d) Express - 0:30, and e) Rinse - 0:09. If you choose one of the options, these are the cycle times (based on choosing the Normal cycle): a) Half load - 1:39, b) Delicate - 1:28, c) Sanitize - 1:48, and d) Extra Shine - 2:08. I usually use the Auto cycle with no option selected. Keep in mind that unless you wait until right before you need your dishes to wash them, the long cycle time isn't really an issue because the machine is so quiet that you can't even tell it's running. I've had mine for three months now and would absolutely buy it again. In three months, I've only had to rewash a dish perhaps twice - and it was a dish with stuck on food. Glasses come out sparkly. And I've found that using liquid Cascade instead of Finish gel packs gets the dishes just as clean (the liquid stuff is less expensive). Just make sure you use Jet Dry liquid (NOT the solid that hangs in a basket - that stuff is horrible) - it does make a difference. Hope this helps!
Hi, I ordered this dishwasher and it came with all that is needed to install. It did not have a power cord though since it is intended to be wired directly to an existing circuit the way most larger appliances are. It does have a pretty long drain hose that is intended to be connected to your waste water line. In my case, I was replacing an older model with this one and it was quite easy since all I had to do was remove the old one and put this one in the same spot using the already existing electric, water and drain. Mine came with a siverware basket but we don't use it. Instead we put the silverware on the third rack, which is a shallow rack at the top of the washer.
It does have a water heater.
It is very QUIET.
"It does come with ""flanges"" that screw in to the side of the neighboring cabinets to mount the unit. It also has the pigtail for the electric - you will need to have an existing electrical box with a live connection available to connect the pigtail to. It had all the basic water line and drain connections. Unless you need a special adapter for a disposal you should be fine."
I only scrape large amounts of food off, I don't rinse. If I don't have a full load for a day, I use the rinse cycle in the DW. This DW does a great job without pre rinsing.
"It's a user selectable option. To program it (from the owner's manual): Cycle Completion Signal (hidden controls only) 1 Open the door and press the [On/Off] button. 2 Hold down the ""A"" button (see page 16) and press [Start] until the display indicates ""d:00"". Release both buttons. 3 Press the ""A"" button until the display shows ""b:02"". 4 Press the ""C"" button to increase or decrease the tone ""b:00"" = OFF and ""b:03"" = LOUDEST and press [Start] to save setting and close the door."
Haven't had a problem with the handle. I see the trim is plastic. Frankly I would avoid this dishwasher if I was you. We're trying to return ours or get a credit or something. Probably won't happen. We will sell it on Craig's list and buy an American model of some brand.
The dishwasher fits under the counter and between cabinets, so that it is flush with the front of the cabinets.
I have a ceramic stove, not gas, and it works fine on that.
It has a round steel embossed plate on the bottom which will react to the magnetic induction stove top. However, I returned mine due to the fact it would only get hot in the center. So I bought a 12 and a 1/2 inch T-Fal induction skillet and LOVE IT. The entire bottom is steel which cooks more evenly. I hope this helped.
Yes, This product works on any cooktop.
"NO, The product only weights 3lbs. 8oz. Specifications* Material: die-cast aluminum, Xylan nonstick cooking surface, silicone * Model: 6325 * Overall Size: 15""L (19"" with handles) x 11 1/4""W * Cooking area: 12 1/2""L x 9 1/2""W * Base: 9"" Dia. * Weight: 3 lb. 8 oz. * Made in China"
It will work on a single burner but not well. It will only heat in the middle where the induction disc is. It will not heat evenly. Since there is a round disc, it will not work on a bridge element. The disc on the one I received had sharp edges and scratched my cooktop. I finally found one that works on my bridge element but since I didn't get it from Amazon not sure if I am allowed to say.
We are not having that problem, but then again we normally only one of the two ovens and hardly ever use both at the same time. I would think when using both then that may alter the temps due to the voltage being pulled. Wiring may not be thick enough to handle the voltage draw. Sorry I couldn't give you a (for sure) answer.
Just standard 30 amp plug
"Probably. I just measured and from the top of the rack in the lowest position there's 11"" of clearance. It's really a great oven."
I have not used a steamer but the pad and cleaner which came with the stove worked great. Even some dried food spillage came off and the stove top looks like brand new.
The manual says don't line the bottom or walls with foil or let foil touch the heating coil or temperature probe. But you can cover a dish with foil and that kind of thing.
Two potential solutions: 1. Have an electrician hook it up directly, bypassing the outlet 2. Buy a pivoting outlet that plugs into the wall outlet and allows to connect the oven plug from the side
You can bake in both ovens.
Looking at the back of the range the electrical cord is on the lower right side.
Any, it is not induction, so regular pots and pans all work
As long as you pick it up to move rather than slide across, probably not. The surface is very difficult to clean though.
Yes it did perfectly
I'm sorry for the loss of your husband. The answer I posted is a link to the correct water filter for your model on the Sears web site. If you copy it to your browser's address window, it will take you to the right part at Sears as well as a brief instruction on how to replace the filter. There you will see for yourself that it is the right replacement filter, specifically: [Original] PART NUMBER: 5231JA2006E Substitution: CLS30320001 With those numbers, Sears should be able to fix you right up.
If that's the French door, bottom freezer then yes it does. Elite model.
I have the Kenmore Elite grab-n-go that has the bottom drawer freezer. You can check the Sears website to be sure but I think that it should work but check.
Sorry can't answer that I have model 795.72373.310
Can not find a definitive answer. But from what I can tell it should fit your refrigerator
It should. mine is same...
I'm pretty sure it works in all kenmore elites. I bought several and this one worked for mine. Sorry but I'm not home to check my model#. I'm out of town on business.
It worked for my kenmore elite model and i believe it should work for most or all kenmore elite models (mine has french door with bottom freezer)
Yes, it's necessary. It keeps the dust/dirt from collecting on the condenser which helps the refrigerator run more efficiently.
No. Unfortunately it does not. I also recommend leaving the detergent drawer open to let it dry out as well. I don't have any traffic crossing my laundry area but I could see it as a potential issue if you do.
"Chris, we use the same detergent we always did, but it was already ""he"" high efficiency. Most are these days, just look for the ""he"" on the bottle of both detergent and Softner"
Yes. Easy to follow step by step instructions. These machines have some shipping material to unpack but I installed both of mine in about 2 hours. I only needed help with lifting them on the pedestals. I am super happy with these machines.
No. Make sure you have at least 2 strong people to install the pedestals.
They appear to be aluminum. I just looked and they are silver with obvious scratches from filing, so I think they are cast and filed. The set is sturdy and handsome...not lightweight painted plastic. I am so pleased with this set.
Nothing
Yes, but you have to attach the two parts together with the brackets which are provided.
"If you are asking for the measurement from the back to the front along the side, they are 30"" at the ""deepest"" place."
really don't know what (show dryer holder) is? I didn't have anything extra with the two sets that I purchased. Just washer / dryer. they both work great.
23 minutes is the shortest full cycle which is also called the delicate cycle.
18 3/4 inches long and 9 3/4 inches wide
Bottom only
I have a 5 cu ft chest freezer. It's a little to big for this size, but I managed to put two in it to cover the bottom completely. So far the frost has not built up like it usually does. So far I highly recommend it. Ask me again in about 5 years or if/when it stops working.
"s 56"" H x 21.5"" W x 23"" D Carton Dimensions 56.5"" H x 22.7"
there is no water connector for it. no ice maker or cold water on this unit. yes, just plug it in to a 110/120 volt 3 prong outlet and let it rip... very, very happy with ours..
"I just measured the interior. It is 12"" deep by 18"" wide by 36"" tall. Hope that helps. It is a very cold fridge and if it is on the coldest temp, the beer will freeze. Good luck. Kato"
Working great! The fridge has been a good buy for us.
no it is not
We do not need it. Thank you!
I live in a avion travel trailer and I use 30 amps for everything and it works fine
Yes it does. You can go on there site and get the details. When we received ours, it had 2 small dents in the door. I called them and a few days later we had a new door delevered. We have had it going for 15 months now and very pleased.
"Mine measure at 18"" wide by 11 3/4"" deep."
Just shy of 5 feet
Yes this will fit in a Whirlpool model LER6620PT1
That part number is not on the list under more info. try another element and look under more info in the description. the part numbers will be listed there.
I don't know. I just googled my model number and it told me this was the correct element. I took a chance before I took it apart, and it was correct.
Not sure, I installed it 5-6 months ago and haven't had any problems out of it
No
No this requires a vent.
No
i think it is a year
I believe the instructions said 25 inches. However, it way to close as you would hit your head on it every time you leaded over the stove. We put ours at 36 inches.
China
This unit has to be wall mounted. You must have 36 inches of space between the cabinets.
No you don't have too. The product is really good
It comes with a water supply line as well as a drain hose. They aren't particularly long, though. If you are directly adjacent to the sink, it will be fine. For mine, it went through 2 cabinets and so I had to add extensions to both. I would guess the hoses are 5-6 feet long. I would recommend you google the install manual and take a look at that. The electrical hookup is via a junction box, so you need to make sure you have room and accommodations for that. This is by far the best dishwasher I've ever owned, by the way. So amazing having a dishwasher that will clean the dishes pretty much no matter what you throw at it, without prewashing. I just knock off the big stuff and it takes care of the rest every time. Good luck!
Jim, a semi integrated dishwasher is partially hidden by a custom panel to blend in with your surrounding cabinets. Unlike a fully integrated unit, the controls will be visible above the panel instead of completely hidden.
Standard 120 volt, 15 amp.
James, one of the biggest differences is the noise level. The 800 series units have more insulation for a quieter run. The 800 series upgrade to this model, also has touch controls, large LED display, an eco wash cycle and several other extra features.
Pre-rinse seriously. This unit has no food grinder internal but it has a filter to catch solid particulate. Of course, once that filter gets clogged you've got a mini-plumbing job on your hands. So rinse thoroughly. Water soluble stuff like cake frosting, ketchup, salad dressing, etc. can go in the dishwasher, but pieces of pasta or meat for example will cause you problems eventually.
Yes
This model has a stainless steel interior.
All of our bowls and dishes are Fiestaware and they fit without problems. The racks allow you to orient the dishes either in rows or columns or combination of both. Bowls take up more space, but you can put them in either the bottom or top rack. Since the racks are wire, they can bend and flex to give you a bit more room. I wouldn't worry about space issues with this dishwasher. It is very roomy and it never ceases to amaze me how much more capacity it has than our previous dishwasher. You can dramatically increase the space by moving the drawer racks up and down or removing the utensil basket. I wouldn't hesitate for a second on this purchase. It's quiet, roomy and dependable. If you think the price is high, consider its resale value. Bosch dishwashers are highly desirable and are often snapped up quickly on classifieds. WHen I purchased it, my old dishwasher sat in the garage for months. I couldn't give it away and had to bribe a delivery person to haul it away.
Don't know but will find out. This is my first Bosch. I have had it less than a year but very happy with it. However, a friend of mine still has a Bosch dishwasher after 15 years with no issues.
No, you can use whatever you would like. I prefer and use the Cascade soft pack ones.
Yes it does.
The oven is gas
No. The appliance comes in a box. They did bring it directly into the kitchen and offered to unpack it. You'll need to buy a larger 5/8 inch flex flex gas connector for both oven use if you can (most are 1/2 inch, which will work). Install was easy and stove is super easy to operate. We love it!! Also, we put our old stove on front lawn strip and it was gone in two hours!
It is a 5/8 connection to the stove so the supply is reduced no matter how big the hose is. Don't believe it will make a differnce
Works ok but you have to use it as soon as u make a mess.we cookd a pizza in the top and some stuff fell off and burned on the bottom of the inside. Using the easy clean feature i was slowly able to remove moat of it. It did require a lot of elbow grease.
We have looked into it and it was extremely expensive. What we have done in the past is ship to a freight forwarder in California and then you would be responsible for it from there.
The griddle comes with the oven. You just place it on top in the center and it fits in that space. It works very well!
"I just measured it. The front is 36"" high. The back is a little less than 47"" high. Hope that helps."
We haven't had any problems with fingerprints and it's easy to clean with stainless steel polish.
The range does have legs that you can adjust that should make up the 1/2 difference that you have and be able to open bottom oven .
The Sonya compact holds full load 5 jeans 2 towels and 3 shirts all women plus size clothing. Excellent product. I highly recommend this washer.
It does come with two hoses but we capped the hot side and only used the cold side and control water temp by faucet.
Yes! We had a previous washer and that was one of my concerns! And guess what? My original hose hookup just work fine! No need to adapt a different hose! So far this washer is a great buy!!!
"This machine is 21"" wide, 21"" deep and 36"" tall, so NOT 36 x 21 x 21. I couldn't figure out why it was 36"" wide; width is ALWAYS the first measurement, NOT the height!! I almost didn't buy this machine because it wouldn't fit, THEN I finally saw THEIR specifications."
About 4.5 feet
Very little no where near as much as a regular washer. I run it on my boat using a little 12 volt to 120 volt inverter.
It beeps about 8 or 10 times once it finishes the final spin cycle. Its a good volume, I can hear it two rooms away. I've had mine for a few months now and I'm very happy with the purchase.
Run a small load of hot water with no clothes. Add a cup of half baking soda and half distilled white vinegar to the load. If this seems to have an effect but the smell still lingers, do the same with a cup of bleach instead of vinegar and baking soda. Run a final load of just hot water. After the load, leave the machine's door open and allow the washer to dry completely. These remedies clean the buildup of dirt, detergent and water residue that collect in the drum, which emits a musty odor easily mistaken for sewage. Do this occasionally (every 3 or 4 months depend on how often you use your washer) Always leave the cover nearly open after each use to let the air circulate to remove water in the drain when you are not using the washer.
No vibration at all. It is so quiet, I forget that I'm doing laundry.
43 inches and half. 33 without the wheels.
No, the pedestals are an extra cost
Just depends.....there are different settings. Bummer is that you have to clean it periodically. Regardless of the kind, we were very displeased and frustrated with LG customer service. Our LG was leaking after 3 weeks and their customer service was a complete joke. After dealing with them for a month, Lowe's finally stepped in and replaced it for us since LG wouldn't/couldn't fix it and it was just plain ridiculous that we were dealing with such terrible service, particularly when it was only 3 weeks old. I will never purchase an LG anything!
The door is NOT reverseable.
The door on the dryer can be reversed, but not the door on the washer. However, you may be able to purchase a washer with a door that opens on the left instead of the right.
The best I remember, it is on the back, but can be vented on the right or left side by utilizing a knockout panel and reaching in and attaching you vent pipe through the side. Mine is vented on the right, so I am sure it can be vented from the back or the right side.
All LG Front Loading washers are stackable. You do have to buy the stacking kit separately.
No. They drop off inside the front door
YES
According to the LG website, yes they can
This unit comes with a one year full warranty from the manufacturer. We do offer extended protection plans of 2 and 4 years.
Yes they are the same depth. You will need an additional 4-5 inches behind them for hoses and venting.
no they are not you need to get does separate
No, you must order seperately.
Yes you can open the washer during the wash cycle, just press the pause button, then wait for the for the door to unlock.
"I have this, it is 29"" wide. I believe normal is 27"""
hva at the end indicates they are grey.
We could deliver your area in 3-5 business days from the day the order ships.
The short anwser to your question is yes, but I beleive thats an unavoidable problem no matter what washer you buy. What we do is after washing we leave the washer door open just a crack so that it can dry out and you will not have a problem with mold or smells then.
I assumed cutting the wires would be required. Looking at the typical application before deciding to replace the socket would indicate cutting the wires could be required. Looking at the wire nuts supplied would also be a clue.
Yes this would work, as long as your top burner(element) has two prongs.
it's ceramic.
Yes, I bought the 280187 model and worked like a charm on my Kenmore elite He3 washer. Youtube it and it's simple.
It appears that it will work. I just entered your model number into the Sears Parts website. It identified the 280187 drain pump as being the correct model. This is an easy part to replace and took me about 20 minutes. However, I would have a couple of large towels handy because water will come out of the pump when you pull it. This part on Amazon is about $40 cheaper than ordering from Sears or buying locally. Good luck.
This pump fits a broad selection of these washers, check with a technician or technical maintenance website to confirm fit. This is an OEM whirlpool factory new part. It is the WHOLE PUMP ASSEMBLY. I could not find an OEM motor only.
Not sure about the exact angle, but can attest to this being an exact replacement for the one I removed from my Duet set. Very easy repair, almost anyone could do it!
best thing to do is to go to the whirlpool website and look up parts. enter your serial number and a parts listing will come up. if the part number matches your all set.
Whirlpool US: 1-866-698-2538 Canada: 1-800-688-2002 Hour of Operation: Monday-Friday: 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM EST
Yes. It's the same pump.
I don't know if it will or not, really. Does your old part look like this one? One large input port and a single smaller output port will probably work with a lot of the modern washing machines, but this one was made to fit the bracket on the Whirlpool. Since Whirlpool makes Kenmore washers, it may well fit. Check your old pump for a part #.
Yes save the old rubber bushings to put on new pump
According to the book... No...and I wouldn't buy this anyways... I had to replace it 30 days after installation
"This unit extends 16"" out from the back oven wall in the interior of the oven. It is 18 1/2"" wide at the end by the oven door. The support legs hold it about 3/4"" off the bottom of the oven. The terminal ends could be flexed to match the holes through the back oven wall probably from 16"" - 19"" apart. Terminals about 3 1/2"" long with slide on connectors. Measure the old bake element to see if these dimensions would fit in your oven. I did not use the one I got in a Whirlpool oven so if it fits it will work."
Not sure I looked my model number element
"From center to center of the two plug in ends, it is 18.5 inches at the mounting tabs. About 18.75 overall width. From the mounting tabs at the back of the oven to the curved areas near the door it is 15.5"" overall. The ""V"" legs that keep it from touching the bottom of the oven extend down 0.75"". Because it has been installed for some time I didn't want to disturb and remove. So I didn't remove to measure how far it protrudes from back of oven into cabinet space. I recall when I installed, it seemed like it went in a long way. But nothing went ""poof"" and it has worked perfectly. The Amazon illustration shows the lower leg spread apart. There is some flex to it, and I gently squeezed into place. Remember to unplug before starting repair. It's 220 volts."
If it's similar in shape to the original part, then yes it should work.
No. You would need Part Number AP4099883 according to Whirlpool's cross reference. (http://www.amazon.com/Whirlpool-74010750-Bake-Element/dp/B00DM8K4AS/ref=sr_1_1?s=appliances&ie=UTF8&qid=1423152157&sr=1-1&keywords=ap4099883)
I'm not sure. Best way to find out is to call home depot or some place like that and ask. That's what I did.
"If it looks the same shape and has like dimensions, it likely is the same. Mine was a Jenn-Aire. Wikipedia show ""The Maytag Corporation is an American home and commercial appliance brand owned by Whirlpool Corporation."" They merged several years ago. Very little choice."
I'm no sure - sorry I couldn't help you.
All I can tell you is if looks like the same shape it will probably work.... Or look up the part # and see if you can find a # to order from... Whirlpool makes all maytag pets now...
"Do what I do. Look it up in your owners manual. Search ""oven element for Magic Chef 3510krw"" on any search engine and see what comes up. It's not rocket science."
Here is what you need to do: Look inside your fridge - there should be a sticker with the model#. Go to Sears website (they have diagrams of each compartment of the fridge with pictures of each individual part and the corresponding model#): http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Frigidaire-Parts/Refrigerator-Parts/ After you find the model# for the SPECIFIC shelf that needs replacing, you paste that info into Amazon search and VIOLA! I've broken and replaced two shelves in my 2 year old frigidaire already and another has a crack forming... I'll definitely think twice about which brand I go with when I purchase my next one! Hope this helps!
Yes. One is clear plastic and the other is white plastic.
I'm 99% positive that they are the same size, just that one is the clear bin and the other number is for the white bin. I ordered it, got the white one (I have clear) and put it as the bottom shelf on the door. I never notice the white color.
Yes it will, you might have to work with it a little, but it worked on mine.
Not sure according to the sticker from the inside of my fridge my model number is FRS26LF7DSR.
I went to the Frigidaire website just to be sure that my refrigerator was compatible with this part. BTW, this part is identical to the factory part. It is exactly like the one I broke.
I am not sure of the second model you named but we purchased ours in 2012 and ordered the bins in December and they fit perfectly!
Just be sure you buy the bin for the correct door, freezer door/or regular door. Mine was for the lowest bin on the regular door.
It for my Kenmore elite 253.57109600
yes it did fit...thank you
That is the model number. I would say yes. You may need to remove the plastic housing from your old ice maker so don't throw it out until you see them next to eachother.
I don't know whether it fits your Kenmore, but it work with my Kenmore perfectly. And It was an Orignal Whirlpool Factory Part. Check some of the appliance stores web sites for your Kenmore. IF 2198597 is a match, it should work. I try cross reference it add partselect.
Yes this does fit this model. Kim
Yes. The wires that are connected to the electronics in the ice maker were attached. Here is a video that I found that helped me with the installation. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmCE3oKpEk0
I just answered this same question for Mo. I had to cut off about 1/2 inch from the rubber fill tube to make this fit.
Hi Mo, I had to remove about 1/2 inch from the fill rubber tube that fits down into the cup. This was the only way I could get it to fit.
You might check with your manual book see the assy part # or you can use SEARS or Repair Clinics, AppliancePro.com web sites. I use it for my Kenmore same as my assy part number.
No
I haven't a clue if this is the one for the KitchenAid unit. I replaced the icemaker in our Whirlpool refrigerator. I'm sorry I couldn't be of any help.
Kenmore is made by whirlpool....
I looked up your model for a Kitchenaid model KEYE670B and it says you need Kitchenaid OEM part number for a Rear Drum Seal Kit, Part Number: PS334194 or Sears part number: 347885 or new part number: 279408
I'm not sure of the models it will fit. It said it fit my model and it was too big. All I did was cut off the remaining felt and glued it together and works great.
Not sure but I can tell you it was to big for our dryer so I just trimmed it and used the glue. No problems here.
You need part number W10612022. Part Number W10612022 (AP5737110) replaces 279857, 2813247, 3406130, PS8691753, W10389561. You can use a 279857.
"This is the felt seal for the back of the dryer. The hard plastic one for the front will probably be called a""bearing"", not a seal. Good luck!"
Hello, your dryer WET3300SQ2 takes these parts http://www.partselect.com/ModelSections.aspx?ModelID=1630732&ModelNum=WET3300SQ2&mfgModelNum=&ManufactureID=3&Selected=TU44YBEZ&Position=4&mfg=Whirlpool&Type=Washer-/-Dryer-Combo&Mark=4 my parts doesnt fit your dryer, this is your part you are looking for, for your dryer: Rear Dryer Drum Seal with Adhesive Part Number: PS970088
Rear seal fit my Whirlpool dryer drum very well. The adheisive was an automotive fast dry adheisive. I recomend gloves as the glue sticks to your hands as well. Tip: rotate drum slowly by hand to make shure there are no folds on the new seal.
This product description is poorly worded. This kit does NOT contain the chute (the chute is inside the door) but it contains the DOOR to the chute and the parts to make it work with the new aluminum bracket. Does that help?
I'm not sure about your particular model, the model number was specific when I ordered mine. This was a great fix vs replacing the door, according to whirlpool it's a non serviceable part
Yes, I'd read it through all the way before starting the install. That would have saved me some time.
Hello! I am glad to respond to this question. It does work for the Kenmore model 106.58902801. I found no fitting issues at all when installing it for my fridge.
I am not sure if it will. The kit is made for Amana/Maytag refrigerators
I do not believe it will
No
If you go to repairclinic.com- put in your refrigerator model number, run down the parts list , a few items down it will show the part number for the kit required for your model refrigerator.
No this kit does not include the flap. It's mainly to fix the broken plastic hinge pins.
Yes. It will work. I think every Whirlpool and Kenmore through the door dispenser has had or will have a broken hinge. The flange was inexcusably under designed for the stress that the spring puts on it and the repair is outrageously expensive. The kit should have been supplied free as a recall. Be sure to read the instructions and don't use the adhesive on the top of the bracket. The adhesive is impossible to remove without destroying the bracket. The kit is universal and on that model when you try to install it the top adhesive will instantly grab before the bracket is properly seated against the back and the door will not seal all the way. If the door does not properly sealed the dispenser will frost up.
"Very simple. A few 1/4"" screws and slide it out. I've changed many elements and those are among the easiest."
Maytag is a subsidiary company of Whirlpool. Lot of same parts are used by appliances with maytag or whirlpool label. You will have to check if this element is compatible with the particular maytag dryer model you have. Maytag and whirlpool makes several different models. The seller usually has a list of models this element can be used with
just check the part number for your dryer here and see if it matches: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/brands-products/Whirlpool-Parts/Dryer-Parts
I don't know. My model was is a WED9200SQ1. You may be able to check if the y use the same part at this site http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/brands-products/Whirlpool-Parts/Dryer-Parts
Yes.
No, it's not FSP. However it's identical as the OEM heater and has worked great!
Pull the old gasket out of the groove. Clean the groove out with soapy water. Insert the new gasket with flared side toward the groove (the flare-out helps the gasket stay in the groove). Start gasket at one end, putting pressure on the gasket with your fingers to seat the gasket around the opening. Once you have seated the gasket, go back around the entire gasket, pushing on it with your fingers to make sure it is properly seated. Close the dishwasher door and this will further seat the gasket evenly. Test the dishwasher to ensure no leakage.
You need one that isn't folded up into a obscenely small box and mailed to you. This is how one was mailed to me and itd made perenament creases in the rubber! Very bad vendor shipping!!!!
The length of the gasket is 67 3/4 inches. It was a genuine replacement part purchase through PartsHouse and fulfilled by Amazon. However, my dishwasher is a Maytag model number MD89100AW3 not a Whirlpool but most likely the same platform
No , you need 99002588
If it is an old gasket replace the gasket remembering to put the fatter side into the bottom of the channel.then make sure the door has been completely clean where it meets with the gasket, then take this area and put olive oil around the door where it meets the gasket.for a new gasket all you need to do is make sure that the door is really clean and then put the olive oil around the edge.
I wouldn't know. What I do know is that it didn't fix my problem. I went to an OEM distributor and found they changed the design of the seal and the latch.
I can't answer that question, however, I used this part on my Maytag dishwasher model # MD89100AW3 and it worked fine. If you look up your dishwasher model number on an appliance parts website, it should indicate the part number and/or replacement part number.
The gasket fits (assuming you matched it to the model) They don't send instructions. While it appears simple enough, there are tricks to installing. IE: You must first heat up the gasket in hot water to increase it's pliability. (Check YouTube) Additionally, at least for my model they have a feature change. After this seal did not work for me I went and bought another from a local Maytag distributor, the seal design is completely different and it comes with a new latch.
Dear customer, Thank you for contacting us. Unfortunately, we have do not have either parts in stock. Let us know if there is anything else we can help you with. Regards
Dear customer, Thank you for contacting us. The correct parts for your model is: Refrigerator gasket: 2159081 Freezer gasket: 2159080 Let us know if there is anything else we can help you with. Regards
I'm not sure...reason I bought was that most of the comments & reviews said it was a universal fit. For me it was...even came with a few parts (like screws) that I wasn't expecting! Quality seemed really good as well. Parts have been in the dryer now for about a month and the thing runs like new. My dryer is about 8 yrs old...hope that helps Ben.
Sorry but I have no Idea. I purchased this repair kit because the web site said it would work on my model. All of the parts except for the belt tightener bracket and pulley fit my model fine. The tightener bracket also fit OK but the shaft that the pulley mounts on was not long enough. Because of this the pulley did not line up with the pulley on the motor shaft. I was able to use my old bracket and pulley as they where still in usable condition
I checked the schematic and it is related but the top felt on yours doesn't have the three nylon rub pads. this kit was used for one that uses the 3 nylon guides . the controls are on the front above the door rather than on top. so it might work or might not.
sorry, i don't know
probably* its a generic kit that will work on a huge number of models. i used Repair Clinic to find the part numbers (using the model number of the machine) for what i was looking for and copied and pasted into amazon and this product came up. i was able to use everything but the idler arm, so i just swapped the idler pulleys. try googling the model number too.
Sorry. Dont know.
You can look up your serial number to find the part number or part numbers of the parts in the kit. Look at the pictures to compare the parts. As long as they look the same they should work.
Yes it is. I can't remember why, but I wondered that too. I do remember that once I got it together it made sense.
I do not know. When I found kit I only was looking for my dryer and did not pay attention to what else it would work on.
yes it did. thanks
Kenmore side by side should work fine.
Yes. 1 kit is all you will need.
According to what I say they fit many different models. Just type in your model # and ask for door hinge repair parts. It should come up if it does or at least be cross referenced
That model seems similar to mine, and it fit well. I was able to replace the bottom cams without removing the door completely by propping it up a little on wood. Best to have someone else support the door while you do this so that it doesn't collapse accidentally.
Yes it should. The kit is intended for Whirlpool, Admiral, Estate, Inglis, Kenmore, KitchenAid, Roper, Maytag, Crosley, Jenn-Air, Hardwick, Magic Chef, Amana, Caloric & Glenwood. If I remember correctly there are four cams, two of each type. I think some doors use one type and some another. Other parts may not be needed, but the kit should have everything you need to replace the door cam. If you search on the part number you'll find videos on other sites that explain how to remove and replace the parts.
No, this Door Closure Kit will not work on the Whirlpool Refrigerator model GI5SVAXVL01. I am not aware of a kit that contains the individual parts that you will need. These are the parts that you will need, with OEM part numbers: Closing Cam (OEM Part No. 67003639), Door Stop (OEM Part No. 67007011) and Screw (OEM Part No. 98165). You can probably reuse the old screw in your fridge. These parts are available at several websites, such as Repair Clinic (www.repairclinic.com). Simply search the internet on the part numbers. Most sites include images of the parts, so you can do a visual check, and a price comparison, to confirm that they are the parts that you need.
Yes, this is a kit which covers several models.
Kit is for several applications. Some don't need the cams with the shafts
This will fix your problem.
Yes, this kit will work for your Whirlpool GS6SHEXNS02. There are more parts in the kit than you will need. Will work on either freezer or refrigerator door.
I did some follow up with your model number. The manual states the correct ice maker kit is part number ECKMF94. When searching for this part, Sears makes a part number substitution to #8560. Many of these parts are interchangeable, so would not be afraid to order the 8560.
Roger I do not know if this will fit your refrigerator but, if you find out that it does, I can attest to the fact that it definitely contains ALL components of the ice-maker system including the water supply solenoid valve, tubing, hardware, everything. Even a new ice cube tray. I was impressed with the kit.
http://www.repairclinic.com/Shop-For-Parts/a4b6c47d703237/Model-10644273600-Kenmore-Refrigerator-Ice-Maker-Parts according to this site it will.
4 pins
"Yes, it comes with everything pictured and is considered a ""Add-on"" kit."
"Outside was about 8"". It fit my mum's Tappan stove perfectly. I later replaced it with an electric glass top model."
"I sold my parents house but think they were 8.25"" on outside edge. Made the cooktop look like new. Amazon makes returns easy. The dimensions under description make it look like a doll stove ring."
"The actual outer edge (that extends over the stove burner recessed area) is about 8 1/8"". The cup edge that fits into the stove is a hair over 7"". It fits my stove very well, but it's a very old stove -- circa ""Montgomery Ward""."
Inner hole diameter is approximately 4 inches.
Measuring from top edge to bottom surface it is approximately 1/2''.
I replaced the old gas cooktop with a new glass electric model when I upgraded my counters. I believe they were larger than 8.25 and they fit perfectly.
I won't be home until next week so I can't measure them. I am sure that the information is on line at the site you found them on. Try clicking on the image and see if that gives you the specs!
It was just one
6 months on average.
Hi, don't want to give you a wrong answer, I called the manufacturer , took a # of calls to figure out , Seems # changed , this one works for me.
It's made in the USA.
If it is a top load washer not front loader an newer style top loader it will work
Yes , This will fit your model
My washer is a Maytag MVWB800VQ0, so it appears to be the same Bearing. There is some very good video on youtube on replacing bearing.
No. You need this part for that washer W10469845
I did & would, no leaks. Use all of the adhesive they send you, I would also do a dry run ( no clothes) on the first cycle to verify operations and flush everything out.
If its a top loader
http://whirlpoolcabriowasherrepair.wordpress.com/2013/04/06/whirlpool-cabrio-bearing-replacement-kit/ This website says it does.
No, this will not work on your model
Replacement tool rental at eBay sellerPartsShippedQuick. Bearing set is for top loader model.
Yes , this will work on you'd model
I didnt check after I painted scratch, I would say within a couple hours.
It is meant to be used on a porcelain coated surface such as a stove or washer or dryer. If your tub or sink has this kind of surface, I think that it would work for you. I don't think that is meant to work on plastic surfaces.
not really sure, I used it on rust that was on the outside of the door. It did work really well for me. I did clean the door as best I could with a non-scratching cleanser first.
Practically any white stove I used it on a g.e worked great for small scratches
It depends where; if the spot is located where it will be exposed to hot water, it may not hold up. If it is located in an area where there is no direct contact with water it may work. I would try it; it will not hurt anything
Yes
Hi - I have no Whirlpool products - but I have used this on three different 'white' appliances and it looks fine with each. It blends to cover the small areas that I need to have blended and even if it isn't a perfect match, it's not noticeable unless someone was really scrutinizing my appliances.
I used it on my stove on the edge where a pan had hit and made a nick in the white finish. It was near the burner (electric) but not on the stop top. It worked fine.
I'm not sure. I used it for a small chip on the top edge of my stove and for several small chips on the top of my dryer and it worked fine. I guess I would just say give it a try and see.
I'm not sure what you mean by basin. I used it on the lid of my machine and on the side of my dryer where a chip and scratch were, worked great.
"The part comes with exactly what you see in the picture. You should be absolutely sure this is the part you need. I tried to return and the part came up ""missing"". I was never refunded for my purchase."
yes, did in mine. very pleased with product, much cheaper than other places and replacement part, not knock off.
I don't know Roy. Usually on amazon, all the models are listed for a part. I will check just to be sure and let you know if I find out. Randy
My dishwasher model is FGHD2433KF1 so I would bet it will fit yours too but I'm definitely no expert on these things.
yes, my husband and I pulled it up several times to smooth the bubbles out.
Yes, it can be cut. Be sure to measure well and take into account the fact that you may want the sheet to also cover maybe an inch or so over the sides.. for a seamless look.
It is a metallic film. I used a utility knife
Cleans very easy..product is very durable.
Yes had to a couple of times to get out the bubbles. Looks great now.
It doesn't matter, wires are both colored white and can be either way.
Yes. It should only take you about 15-30 min. to replace. I just recently replaced mine.
It is a universal part that connects with wire nuts to your existing plug in pigtail. Gas appliance parts are pretty standardized due to the product liabilities involved, so almost everyone uses a standard part, and just puts their specialized connector, or bracket on it.
Hello, Thank you for your question! With this replacement, that Molex connector will no longer be needed. You will need to cut the connector of of the other end, strip the wires and wire nut them together with the wire nuts included in the box. Please let us know if you have any other questions along the way! Thank you!
The two parts look PHYSICALLY the same - but I can't tell dimensions, etc. from online pics. I personally would be wary of this.
Don't know if it will work in that model #. Went to Sears on line parts and got a part number for my ignighter and purchased it thru Amazon. Worked well so far.
It should. The part that is in your oven has plugs that attach to the controls. You just have to splice the cables on this igniter to the wires with the plugs and you should be good to go.
It fit my kitchen aid KGST307BBL2. I don't know if it fits hbl9, but when I was researching it it seemed like this part fit multiple models and I couldn't find anything confirming it fit my model. I decided it was worth the $20-$30 buck gamble rather than calling a repair man.
Yes this will be a great fit. I replaced both the oven ignitor and broiler and both worked great
More than likely yes. As long as entered the correct model number of your range.
Yes it does..
Yes. It replaces ps404017, among other Whirlpool/Kenmore/Kitchenaid ignitors. I just put one in my 2002 Kitchenaid range. It was a slightly different shape, but attached fine and has been working perfectly. A really easy fix. This video :http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-ignitor-oven-burner-9782065-ap3126125.html on the appliance parts pros website was helpful.
I recently install this replacment part in my oven and it worked fine. You may just be looking at it wong as the picture appears to be showing the bottom of the igniter. When installed correctly, the tab and the screw holes will align correctly. Just examine the original part closely as you remove the old igniter (take a picture if possible). That way you will be assured of installing the replacement part correctly. Good luck.
No a free standing stove. Worked wonderful
No that's for your oven...I had the same issue with my stove. when I turn it on to the lite position no spark on any burners. I replaced the wiring harness for all four burners and now I have spark.
"The instructions included with this unit imply that any 5L gravity or pressurized keg will work. The instruction manual states the following : ""This unit will cool and dispense beer using 5L gravity kegs and pressurized kegs."" The manual then states "" There are two types of 5 litre kegs available which can be used in this cooler. The first type is pressurized and the beer is dispensed through the upper lid mechanism. Only pressurized beer kegs can be dispensed through the top. Install the dispensing tube supplied with the pressurized keg into the center top of the keg. DO NOT install the small plastic paddle that comes with the pressurized keg. Gently lower the keg into the cooler taking care to line up the dispensing tube with the cooler's spout. The SECOND type of 5L keg is NON pressurized (gravity dispense), and utilizes the small clear door on the side of the cooler. Line up the spigot on the side of the can, pull through the small door opening and dispense per the instructions on the keg."
This is simply just a mechanism to keep the beer cold. It does come with supplies to be able to use Heineken mini-kegs, but we have not tried it out yet. We have only used mini-kegs that have the plastic spout (I think those are called gravity fed? not sure on the term). The cooler has a little clear window towards the bottom that the spout sticks out of.
It'll give you a decent cool temp but if your lookin for that really cold beer it just ain't gonna happen.
I've used Heineken and warsteiner so far, there are a handful more. You can google 5 litter kegs and purchase them online.. May have a larger collection than your liquor store.
It is made in China
How big is your glass? :-)
The cooler is a chilling vessel which a pre-pressurized 5L keg is inserted. Additionally, the clear window on the front allows for a gravity fed keg to be utilized - it appears a wine cooler with a similar dispensing mechanism would also work - if that's your thing
According to Sears parts direct website, yes, it will fit.
Yes, this is the correct kit for your dryer. Let me know if you have any other questions. Have a great day!
"I found a parts diagram online for your model and it does not look like this is the right kit for your dryer. Do a google search for ""Maytag MDE3000AYW parts"" and it will show sites where you can look up the correct parts for you particular model. Once you identify the correct parts from the online appliance parts sellers, search for the same part numbers on Amazon and you may well find them here at a better price."
I checked that model on an appliance repair website and I am fairly certain this will be the correct kit for your dryer.
"***PLEASE DOUBLE-CHECK***, but I am firmly convinced that this is a ""go,"" since individual parts for your dryer are: Belt: 341241, Idler: 691366, Rollers: 349241t. The kit also includes the metal push-on retainer and 4 tri-rings. This kit isn't readily listed on many parts dealers' sites; I guess they make more money selling things separately. Good Luck!"
Hi logicalview: In order to determine whether a part works in a dryer you may have please ensure you have the correct model or serial number and insert into this website Below. http://www.repairclinic.com/Shop-For-Parts/a8b5/Whirlpool-Dryer-Parts Have a great day!! Dion.
No
You may wish to open the dryer and take a look prior to ordering. This kit popped up when I was searching for something compatible with my Whirlpool but when I opened up the dryer, I had 4 rollers instead of 2 and a totally different style of tension pulley.
"I measured the new belt when it came and it was a little under 92"""
You can go to www.repairclinic.com and search by model or part number. good luck!
Not sure. I was a little ill that the listing said replacement but it IS NOT KENMORE. There was another listing that was cheaper, I pd more for this one because it listed as Kenmore. It is not. For the most part these things are almost identical but I can't say for sure it matches that model number though, sorry
Yes, it will. The replacement is relatively easy and it fits perfectly.
i dont know most of these are about the same
Hello, Thank you for your question! In order for us to locate your part we will need you to give us the brand name of your equipment along with the complete model number off the unit, not the part. Thank you!
Yes the ice cube maker is an Amana refrig. Replacement
Hello, thank you for your question. We offer no warranties with any of our products. Our suppliers will honor warranties only when parts are installed by a Licensed HVAC Technicians employed by a reputable HVAC Contractor. Great pricing is one of the advantages of online purchasing, that's most like why you're here. The same parts purchased through a HVAC Contractor cost as much as three or four times what you can find online. Those higher HVAC Contractor part prices have the warranties built into them. When you purchase the part online for a fraction of the cost and when a qualified HVAC Tech is not installing the part then the warranty options are simply not available.
When I was checking for my model, I found out this will replace several brand ice makers. From what i understand they are generic and pretty much the same.
Yes, I used this one and it wasa perfect fit.
This ice maker is standard for most Amana models. All the ice maker logic is built-in to the ice maker. The connector brings power of the motor and heater and sends the command to the water valve to fill the tray. If your refrigerator is a side by side type, the ice maker mounts all the way in the top back of the freezer. Since the freezer is narrow, removing the old ice maker is not easy. There is a latching type molex connector all the way in the back corner and there is very little room for your fingers to press the tab and pull at the same time. Once the old one is out the rest is pretty easy. You will need to transfer a few parts from your old unit to this one, set them side by side and move the parts over.
if it looks like the one in your fridge , its a good chance it will fit
No, you have to buy the valve assembly as a separate item. Try installing the new tray first and give it time to get really cold. It took over 6 hours before the new tray produced any ice. Wors fine now.
Yes, You might have to reuse the cover and wire harness from original icemaker.
Not 100% but I'm pretty certain it's a generic replacement part that will work with most. If you Google your model # and this comes up, then it will. I was unsure, so I checked at a online replacement parts warehouse first. Really easy to replace yourself in 5 minutes or less.
Hello, yes this is the correct replacement ice maker for your unit. Please let us know if you have any other questions! Thank you!
Hello, here is a list of links to compatible replacement parts: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00N4YB1R0 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00N4YB33W 8 in drip pan: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GS3BGCO 6 in drip pan: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GS1S6ZG Please let us know if you have any other questions! Thank you!
The ones we purchased had loops, but still they did not lay flat straight away, we had to force them slightly into place.
Might. Mine did not fit my magic chef. Had to resell it. Sorry.
It is not work on my whirlpool brand. The power plugs are too long to fit on my stove. Please let me know if I can return it to the seller. Thanks.
I don't think so. It works on our Whirlpool, but would not have worked on our GE.
"6"" fits in my Kenmore stove, but the 8"" does not."
Yeah
"About 24"""
I don't use distilled water and it makes clear ice okay. I think distilled water tends to be rather tasteless (even for water.) Perhaps in the very long run distilled water would result in a longer life (less mineral deposits) but I haven't noticed any so far, but I'm only about 3 months into using it. Neither choice affect the clarity of the ice.
There is a plug in the back :)
2.15 lbs
"I have it in my kitchen on the counter. I do not find it to be too loud it does make some noise. It doesn't bother me in the least. If you are looking for ultra quiet something you won't notice this isn't it. However, it does perform wonderfully and the ice it ""clear"""
Funny you should ask! I just had to send my unit in for replacement. The warranty is 1 Full Year on everything. They will repair or replace the unit at no cost. They even pay to have it shipped in.
No it does not hold that much it holds about 5 lbs. It will make that much in a day but the ice is not very thick
"Approximately 1""x 1""X1"" ( measured it) However, I would seriously consider another machine. Read all the one star reviews,they are pretty much factual and I've experienced most of them. Hope this helps"
No most of time it is broken up in tray
Unfortunately, this is currently out of stock. We are expecting inventory in three weeks.
pulley od approximately 2 3/8inch (6cm) X 1/2inch (1.4cm) ID or motor shaft od.
That is the pulley I put on my washer. Google your washer model number and see what pulley fits it. Also check your water pump and make sure it is not locked up or hard to turn. That's what was wrong with my washer causing the belt and pulley to fail. I have found that most washers have the same parts no matter what the brand.
Yes
Yes. They fit mine perfectly. Can't tell any difference between these and Sears baags other than price and convenience of purchase process.
yes, that is what we have and the bas fit great. They are wax lined and do not leak, do not break with extended packing and are great overall. The cost if less from Amazon.
Yes, it is.
Yes, I use these all the time for my Jenn-air compactor and before I had the whirlpool. Perfect match.
These fit most standard sized compactors. We have an older Sears, and it fits just fine.
No. The Broan trash compactors will only accept Broan bags.
Yes, I believe so. I used to buy mine from Sears, but they never seem to have them in stock. These work very similar, only a little lower in price and arrives at my door with no trip to Sears!
I bought this filter to fit Microwave Hood model #WMH3205XVS-2. It may possibly fit other models too, but you would probably need to check Whirlpool appliances for a complete list. Hope this answer helps.
13-inches x5 7/8-inches
While the filter doesn't specifically say that it's dishwasher safe, you probably could put it in the top rack and be ok.
Yes.
I didn't buy for that model
Yes
I do not know. This number is not familiar to me. You might consider checking with the manufacturer and then seeing if Amazon can supply it.
i ordered the incorrect size the first time I tried to replace mine but this worked size works for the Whirlpool Gold Microwave Model GMH5205XVS-1
Really don't know if it would fit your model. My model is wmh3205xvs-2. Sorry I can't confirm for you.
"The filter measures 6"" x 13 "". Just removed the old one that you have and check if they have the same measurement."
yes this knob fit to you washer if you need knob for timer ??? ask me i give you pat number
I don't know about that model, but it was the start knob for my dryer, so probably yes.
Yep... sure does!
I do not know if it will fit your model. It did not fit mine, I had to cut some parts of it to make it fit properly.
"The knob I received did not have a metal ring , but simply was a tight fit on the metal post coming out of my dryer. The cylindrical post has a shape of a capital ""D"" that fit the hollow of the knob. It does not come off easily and worked well as a replacement for my ""start"" knob."
Hello, based on your model number, the correct knob is part #WH01X10200. Thank you.
this item fits models: dbb3300ea0ww dbb3300ea1ww dbb3300ga0ww dbb3300ga1ww dbb3300ga2ww dbl333eb0ww dbl333eb1ww dbl333eb3ww dbl333eb4ww dbl333eb6ww dbl333gb0ww dbl333gb1ww dbl333gb4ww dbl333gb5ww dbl333gb6ww dbl333gb8ww dblr333ee0ww dblr333ee1ww dblr333ee2ww dblr333ge0ww dblr333ge1ww dblr333ge2ww dbsr453eb0ww dbsr453eb1ww dbsr453eb2ww dbsr453eb3ww dbsr453gb0ww dbsr453gb1ww dbsr453gb2ww dbsr453gb3ww dbxr463eb0ww dbxr463eb1ww dbxr463eb2ww dbxr463ed0ww dbxr463ed1ww dbxr463ed2ww dbxr463gb0ww dbxr463gb1ww dbxr463gd0ww dbxr463gd1ww dbxr463gd2ww dbxr463gd3ww dbxr463pf0ww dcl333gb0ww dhdrr48ee0ww dhdrr48ge0ww dhdsr46ee0ww dhdsr46ee1ww dhdsr46ge0ww dhdsr46ge1ww dhdsr46ge2ww dhdsr48ef0ww dhdsr48ef1ww dhdsr48gf0ww dhdsr48gf1ww dhdsr48gf3ww disr473cw4ww disr473cw5ww djxr433ec0ww djxr433ec1ww djxr433ec2ww djxr433ec3ww djxr433gc0ww djxr433gc1ww djxr433gc2ww djxr433gc3ww dlsr483ee0ww dlsr483ee1ww dlsr483ee2ww dlsr483ge0ww dlsr483ge1ww dlsr483ge2ww dlsr483ge3ww dnsr473ew0ww dnsr473ew1ww dnsr473ew2ww dnsr473gw0ww dnsr473gw1ww dnsr473gw2ww dnsr473gw3ww dnsr475ey0ww dnsr475ey1ww dnsr475ey2ww dnsr475gy0ww dnsr475gy1ww dnsr475gy2ww dnsr475gy3ww dnxr473ew0ww dnxr473ew1ww dnxr473ew2ww dnxr473gw0ww dnxr473gw1ww dnxr473gw2ww dnxr473gw3ww dpsf505ew0ww dpsf505ew1ww dpsf505ew2ww dpsf505gw0ww dpsf505gw1ww dpsf505gw2ww dpsr405ea0ww dpsr405ea1ww dpsr405ga0ww dpsr405ga1ww dpsr405ga2ww dpsr465ea0ww dpsr465ea1ww dpsr465ga0ww dpsr465ga1ww dpsr465ga2ww dpsr473ew0ww dpsr473ew1ww dpsr473ew2ww dpsr473gw0ww dpsr473gw1ww dpsr473gw2ww dpsr473gw3ww dpsr475ew0ww dpsr475ew1ww dpsr475gw0ww dpsr475gw1ww dpsr483ea0ww dpsr483ea1ww dpsr483ga0ww dpsr483ga1ww dpsr483ga2ww dpsr513ea0ww dpsr513ea1ww dpsr513ea2ww dpsr513ga0ww dpsr513ga1ww dpsr513ga2ww dpxr473ew0ww dpxr473ew1ww dpxr473gw0ww dpxr473gw1ww dpxr475ew0ww dpxr475ew1ww dpxr475gw0ww dpxr475gw1ww dpxr483ea0ww dpxr483ea1ww dpxr483ga0ww dpxr483ga1ww dpxr483ga2ww dqsr483ee0ww dqsr483ee1ww dqsr483ge0cc dqsr483ge0ww dqsr483ge1ww dqsr483ge2ww drsr483ed0ww drsr483ed1ww drsr483ed2ww drsr483gd0ww drsr483gd1ww drsr483gd2ww drsr483gd3ww ds4500ea0ww ds4500ea1ww ds4500eb0ww ds4500eb1ww ds4500eb2ww ds4500ey0ww ds4600ee0ww ds4600ee1ww dvl223eb0ww dvl223eb1ww dvl223eb3ww dvl223eb4ww dvl223eb6ww dvl223gb0ww dvl223gb1ww dvl223gb4ww dvl223gb5ww dvl223gb6ww dvl223gb8ww dwsr405eb0ww dwsr405eb1ww dwsr405eb2ww dwsr405eb3ww dwsr405gb0ww dwsr405gb1ww dwsr405gb2ww dwsr405gb3ww dwsr475ey0ww dwsr475ey1ww dwsr475ey2ww dwsr475gy0ww dwsr475gy1ww dwsr475gy2ww dwsr475gy3ww dwsr483eb0ww dwsr483eb1ww dwsr483eb3ww dwsr483gb0ww dwsr483gb1ww dwsr483gb2ww dwsr483gb3ww dwsr485ea0ww dwsr485ea1ww dwsr485ea2ww dwsr485ga0ww dwsr485ga1ww dwsr485ga2ww dwxr483eb0ww dwxr483eb1ww dwxr483eb2ww dwxr483eb3ww dwxr483gb0ww dwxr483gb1ww dwxr483gb2ww dwxr483gb3ww dwxr485eb0ww dwxr485eb1ww dwxr485eb2ww dwxr485eb3ww dwxr485gb0ww dwxr485gb1ww dwxr485gb2ww dwxr485gb3ww eed3000b0ww eed3000b1ww eed3000b2ww eed4500d0ww eed6500d0ww eed6500d1ww egd3000b0ww egd3000b1ww egd4500d0ww egd4500d1ww egd4500d2ww egd6500d0ww egd6500d1ww egd6500d2ww ewa3000b0ww ewa3000b1ww ewa3000b2ww ewa4500d0ww ewa5000d0ww ewa6500d0ww gjsrp080b1ww gjxrp080b1ww lisr310cw0ww lisr310cw1ww s2100e1ww s2100e4ww s2100e6ww s2100e7ww s3200y0ww s3200y1ww s3200y2ww s3700e0ww s3700e1ww s3700e4ww s3700e6ww s4200b0ww s4200b1ww s4200b2ww s4200b3ww s5100d0ww s5100d1ww s5200e1ww s5200e6ww ware5260d0ww ware5260d1ww ware5260dcww wase4220a0ww wase5210b1ww wase5210b2ww wase5210b3ww wase6280b0ww wase6280b1ww wasr3110w0ww wasr3110w1ww wasr3110w2ww wbb2090f0ww wbb2090f1ww wbb2090f2ww wbb2090f3ww wbb3300a0ww wbb3300a2ww wbb4500e1ww wbb4500e6ww wbb5500b0ww wbb5500b1ww wbse3120b0ww wbse3120b1ww wbse3120b2ww wbse3120b3ww wbse4220a0ww wbse5290a0ww wbse6210b1ww wbse6210b3ww wbse6210b5ww wbsr3140d0ww wbsr3140d3ww wbsr3140d5ww wbsr3140daww wbsr3140dcww wbxr2090b0ww wbxr2090b3ww wbxr2090b4ww wbxr2090d0ww wbxr2090d2ww wbxr2090d5ww wbxr2090daww wbxr3100b0ww wbxr3100b3ww wcre6270d0ww wcre6270d1ww wcre6270dcww wcse4160b0ww wcse4160b1ww wcse4160b2ww wcse4160b3ww wcse6270b0ww wcse6270b1ww wcse6270b2ww wcse6270b3ww wcsr2080b0ww wcsr2080b1ww wcsr2080b2ww wcsr2080b3ww wcsr2080b4ww wcsr2080b5ww wcsr2080b9ww wcsr2090d0ww wcsr2090d1ww wcsr2090d2ww wcsr2090d3ww wcsr2090d4ww wcsr2090d5ww wcsr2090d6ww wcsr2090d7ww wcsr2090d8ww wcsr2090daww wcsr2090dbww wcsr2090dcww wcsr2090ddww wcsr2090dgww wcsr4170d0ww wcsr4170d5ww wcsr4170daww wcsr4170dcww wdsr2080d0ww wdsr2080d2ww wdsr2080d4ww wdsr2080d5ww wdsr2080d6ww wdsr2080d7ww wdsr2080d8ww wdsr2080daww wdsr2080dbww wdsr2080dcww wdsr2080ddww wdsr2080deww wdsr2080dfww whdre526e1ww whdre526e6ww whdrr418e1ww whdrr418e3ww whdrr418e4ww whdrr418e5ww whdrr418e6ww whdse820c0ww whdse820c1ww whdse820c9ww whdsr209d0ww whdsr209d1ww whdsr209d3ww whdsr209d4ww whdsr209d5ww whdsr209d6ww whdsr209d7ww whdsr209daww whdsr209dbww whdsr209dcww whdsr209ddww whdsr315d0ww whdsr315d5ww whdsr315daww whdsr315dbww whdsr315dcww whdsr315ddww whdsr417d0ww whdsr417d5ww whre5260e0ww whre5260e1ww whre5260e6ww whse5240d0cc whse5240d0ww whse5240d1ww whse5240dcww wjrr4170e0ww wjrr4170e1ww wjrr4170e3ww wjrr4170e4ww wjrr4170e5ww wjrr4170e6ww wjse4150b0ww wjse4150b1ww wjse4150b2ww wjse4150b3ww wjsr2070b0ww wjsr2070b2ww wjsr2070b3ww wjsr2070b4ww wjsr2070b9ww wjsr2070d0ww wjsr2070d1ww wjsr2070d2ww wjsr2070d3ww wjsr2070d5ww wjsr2070d6ww wjsr4160d0ww wjsr4160d2ww wjsr4160d5ww wjsr4160d6ww wjsr4160daww wjsr4160dcww wkre6280d0ww wkre6280d1ww wkre6280dcww wkse5260e0ww wkse5260e1ww wkse5260e6ww wkse6280b1ww wkse6280b2ww wkse6280b3ww wle4000b1ww wle4000b2ww wle4000b3ww wle6000b1ww wle6000b2ww wle6000b3ww wle6500b1ww wle6500b2ww wle6500b3ww wlse4210a0ww wmse4190a0ww wmse4230a0ww wmsr3110w1ww wmsr3110w2ww wnre6280d0ww wnse4200a0ww wnse5260d0ww wnse5260d1ww wnse5699a0aa wnse5699a0ww wnse6280b0ww wnse6280b1ww wnse6280b2ww wnse6280b3ww wnsr3100w0ww wnsr3100w1ww wnsr3120w0ww wnsr3120w1ww wnsr4100y1ww wpre5240d1ww wpre6280d1ww wpre6280dcww wpse3120y1ww wpse4200a0ww wpse4270a0ww wpse5290a0ww wpsf4170w0ww wpsf4170w1ww wpsf5170w0ww wpsf5170w1ww wpsl3120w0ww wpsl3120w2ww wpsp4170w0ww wpsp4170w1ww wpsr3100w0ww wpsr3100w1ww wpsr3100w2ww wpsr3120w0ww wpsr3120w1ww wpsr3120w2ww wpsr4130w0ww wpsr4130w1ww wsere526f0ww wsere526f2ww wserr417f0ww wserr417f1ww wserr417f2ww wsre5260d0ww wsre5260d1ww wsre5260dcww wsse4220a0ww wsse5210b1ww wsse5210b2ww wsse5210b3ww wsse6280b0ww wsse6280b1ww wssr3120w0ww wssr3120w1ww wtse4210a0ww wvsr1060b0ww wvsr1060b3ww wvsr1060b4ww wvsr1060d0ww wvsr1060d2ww wvsr1060d5ww wvsr1060daww wvsr1060dbww wvsr1060dcww wvsr1060ddww wwre5240d0ww wwre5240d1ww wwre5240dcww wwre6260d0ww wwre6260d1ww wwre6260dcww wwse5200b0ww wwse5200b1ww wwse5200b2ww wwse5200b3ww wwse5240d0ww wwse5240d1ww wwse5240dccc wwse5240dcww wwse6260b0ww wwse6260b1ww wwse6260b2ww wwse6260b3ww wwsr3130w1ww
It is the same. I replaced some of my knobs on a Jennaire with these. (These are the same cheaply made knobs that came on your expensive Jennaire)
I don't know. I bought this for a Jenn-Air and it works fine. If you can remove one of your current knobs, you should see a part number on it somewhere. A web search should fill you in on equivalent part numbers.
Yes
I DOUBT IT BECAUSE IT REPLACES THE JENNAIR KIP 5D75
Yes, it made of plstica
Good
Dear Customer, Thank you for your question. Please know that all of our items offer free shipping. We believe you are looking at the wrong listing. Please visit our store and search for this item. You will see that it does indeed offer free shipping. Best Regards,
Hello, We actually sell this knob with free shipping, so there is no shipping charge from us regardless of how many knobs you choose to purchase. Thanks
"Interesting. I ordered these knobs to replace my Jenn-Air ""KIP 5D75"" original knobs because the answers on here said it worked for them, but these knobs do not fit my stove in any way, shape, or form. The D shape inside the knob does not line up correctly and the notch in the D shape is inverted from what fits my stove. Now I am having to pay return shipping and a 15-20% restocking fee for nothing."
Yes
This item is about 7.5 inches wide and about 21 inches long. The screen itself is about 16 inches.
A Google search indicates that 349639 and 693846 are equivalent parts. You may want to search yourself so you can order the part in confidence.
"I'm not sure, model number is completely different. I do know the one i purchased was perfect replacement part for our dryer, but it is a bit longer than most dryers. Did you cross reference the part number with the replacement part number? I had to do that as well. Try multiple google sites for parts comparison. I stuck with amazon for purchase but relied on those other sites. If it helps... screen portion alone measures 17 1/2 inches, handle portion is additional 3"" long with 1"" in height, entire screen is 7 inches wide as is handle too."
No
No
Yes. It should be an exact fit.
I recently bought a lint screen through Amazon for another WP dryer model. Before ordering, I checked online to get the right lint screen part for my dryer model. Once I verified the info, I placed the order thru Amazon, which turned out to be the right part. I looked up the info you provided at partselect.com and it seems to be the right match. But suggest you check as well. Hope this helps.
What we did was to go online to the Whirlpool site. Since you know the i.d. numbers for the machine and the part, you should be able to find the exact replacement. I am not an expert, but the replacement from Amazon does the job, and I think it was less expensive than the filter from the manufacturer.
I cannot answer this question, but i can tell you what i did. I googled the size of what i was looking for as well as the searched on amazon using the size of my lint screen. Also, i used my current lint screen as a guide. Good luck!
This is used at our Bch house , it fit ours perfectly , sorry I'm not there to measure it.
Hi Diego I didn't receive black pins to the latch the trap. I've never seen any pins with this cover in the 25years we've used this model. There are four (4) metal prongs on the four corners to lock the trap in place. These prongs are attached to the cover as they're part of the design. Also note, my model is the one listed in the description; model #8531967. I hope this helps.
You can find the parts diagram online at thw whirlpool site and then track down the part number it lists
Yes, it's a universal key
I have an older model frigidaide freezer, ordered the key and it fit perfectly. I assume if your freezer is a frigidaire then the key will work.
Yes it will
Yes it is
WORKED ON MINE
It is round and has 4 grooves on the inside. Works on all Frigidaire freezers I think.
got one thank you
Yep, works like a charm.
Greg, Not %100 sure but I believe so. Best I could do.
This key has a four point opening.
"I am uncertain if it will fit the model # in question, but the pn# of the control board in question is etched on the board of the controller. Also keep in mind that the controller listed is as pictured without the ""white film overlay"" that makes it presentable as a new board, it must be ordered separately."
As long as the buttons and light configuration is the same then yes. You have to swap the face.plate from your old unit to this one
316557115 is perfect for model FFEF3016LBD-you check the number of model on yours elec range FRIGIDAIRE...316418200 is part number of oven control board..
I would say yes, did you keep your original to take the number off of it
my replacement board started right up
I don't know but it worked on my stove.
Dial Electrolux 800-944-9044 was able to tell me which part #'s work for my model FEFL64FSD.
You have to remove the cover from your current oven and place it over this part. It is really easy to do and stays in place once you put it all back together.
Yes this is the right one! Thanks for asking
We used it on our Kenmore. It has worked for 6 months.
No it does not, reuse the old front front label panel on the old plastic case. You have to swap thee guts or order a new button/label panel to peal and stick the the new unit.
Power goes directly to the board. I would check your power cord (240V) and the power wiring to the board. What was it doing before you replaced the board?
Usually replacement parts do not come with a warranty. I'm sure you can return it before you install it. If you do put power to it then technically its yours. If it fails in about the first 90 days you can ask for a replacement part; often times they will honor that, but, they don't have too. After about 90 days your on your own.
According to the sears part direct it is the correct clock for your model.
Yes, this filter is compatible with the Samsung DA29&#8209;00020B filter that your unit uses.
I didn't. I just changed the filter quickly and had no leakage except what was in the filter itself.
It fits perfectly with my Samsung RF4287HARS. Samsung Customer service tells me the filter is the same for both so, yes, it should work perfectly with (HAF-CIN) yours too.
Did you press the button for 3 seconds it will clear the red button
Yeah.. why not....I don't know if it really works but not leaking so....so far it's okay.
Yes, this filter is compatible with samsung rf260beasl
Check the product description for compatibility to Samsung filters. You should at least find out what type of filter your fridge uses. Then you will know which compatible filter to look for.
If your refrigerator uses the DA29-00020B Samsung Refrigerator Water Filter it will.
If you go to the supplier's site, it might tell you there or else type in search the number of the fridge. The container does not include that number as one that it replaces. The supplier has several filters as it appears it is a filter store. EcoAqua.
That is a good question. I don't see any mention of it, where you think there would be if it had it. Interestingly, the Clear Sip brand mentions ANSF/ANSI certified.
Yes it does.
They are the same and will work.
Yes. I googled it Mary, and it shows the same filter number. So it should fit perfectly.
I found the water pressure to be just as strong as the samsung brand. No difference.
I did... just to make sure..
No list is provided with the filter. However, the box says that Flouride is retained, and not filtered out.
Yes
Yes. I always use a wrench to turn the recessed handle. I'm not very strong.
No , twist and pull, some water spilled on the floor but just cleaned it up with a paper towel. Then i reset the filter icon on the fridgerater display. Done easy ..
I'm not sure...my fridge is a Samsung and this worked.
It does nothing....carbon will remove impurities if water or air are FORCED through it....this simply floats around & does nothing.
It should go into the trashcan. This is a plastic disk with carbon in it. Carbon will filter impurities from the air or water if air or water is forced through it. This thing just floats around doing nothing. It has no microbiological properties like the original silver stick or the silver cube do. This thing is worthless. That's why even the company won't tell you what it does.
No, they are too big to fit
The Hydrostick was made with silver that actually kills bacteria. It worked well and I'm really mad they stopped making it. These disks MAY help with odor or chlorine idk, but they won't protect the base of your humidifier from mold etc... You could get the same or possibly even better effect by just running your water through an inexpensive water filtering pitcher before filling your tank.
"The hydrocell just sits in the water reservoir of my Air-o-swiss humidifier. If your Vicks humidifier has the same set up with a wide enough opening to get the cell in (which is most likely), I don't see why it shouldn't treat the water. The cell is 2.5"" in diameter."
Yes the A200 Hydro Cell cartridges are compatible with the the AOS 7144 ~ ( http://www.airoswiss.net/info/ultrasonics/7144.aspx )
Yes they do, just lay them in the bottom of the tank. The older model is no longer available and they told me this is the replacement.
No
Hi, Well mine sinks to the bottom too! I really do not know if that is ok... :)
Just put it in the tank, not in the lower part. Change it every two to three months.
Yes the electrical connection comes out of the top of the unit and goes up the chimney.
It comes out of the top of the unit but once it exits it can either be 99 degree elbowed out the wall or run straight up.
Hi the unit comes with a 3 year parts warranty from the manufacturer.
Hi, yes it comes with the two pieces of 16 inch chimney that telescope one within the other. There are also extensions available for taller applications. Thanks
If I had to guess, I would say 14 or 16? It's decent...
Rather easy as long as you find the studs
Hi, if you have a 10' 3in celing, you will need to order the extension. I just went through the same thing and my celing is 10' and had to order. The extension that comes with the hood will only fit a 8' celing.
Yes. I did 4 years ago and is still looking great
I'm 99% it does not
Yes
I would assume it has a fire rating,.as it is designed for use over hot areas, and as for out door use, I have had two installed outdoors in a covered patio area that still look new 3 years later
Yes . And beautiful. We were quite pleased with it other then one of the lights on it didn't work (blown bulb)
Yes it can; there are ducting kits available. I purchased the unit for wall-mount and use a charcoal filter, but you can get the ducting kit as well to vent through a wall or ceiling/roof
"Mine came with the chimney - two parts, one sleeves over the other so you can slide it to ceiling height. They aren't full-square ""boxes"", the backs are open (where they go against the wall). Pretty quick install if you're replacing an old one and the exhaust ducting is in place in your ceiling. It comes with drywall anchors - I'd really advise you mount it to wood or framing though!"
The loops are handles to remove the baffles. There are three removable baffles. Each baffle has a small button in the front and a handle in the back. To remove the dishwasher safe baffle, push the button then grab the handle.
It can go either way vented out or charcoal filter, I vent mine out so not sure how well filter works.
"You should be fine since the bottom of the hood should be between 26"" to 31"" and with the extension provided you are good to go. Good Luck"
YOU DO NOT NEED AN EXTENSION FOR A 9 FOOT CEILING
I can't tell you how many decibels, but is no louder than water boiling on the stove. I am very pleased with mine.
We're the same - and we rarely go to high, even searing a steak in a cast iron skillet, it does a good job. I may have posted this before, but the only issue with this thing is when a bulb burns out, you have to buy an entire lamp housing kit. The bulbs they use have tiny pins compared to standard bulbs. I drilled out the pin holes enough to take the regular bulbs which you can buy by the case.
you should allow about 12 inches clearance for unit itself...
"The extra extension piece for a 10' foot ceiling will work. There is at least 15"" extra inside of the joint."
If you remove the filters and look inside, you can push those lights out; they're a standard size reflector bulb. I replaced mine with an LED equivalent. If you take the bulb to Home Depot, they can probably replace it; it's a 12v reflector unit. Get out a magnifying glass and you can read the type on it, and order them online. I don't have one handy or I'd look it up for you, sorry.
"Depth 8"" Width 9 1/4"" We are very happy w the product and price."
I'm not sure about the remote control. Accommodating a nine-foot ceiling depends upon how high you mount it. The chimney does have some adjustment capability. Take a look at the maximum / minimum height in the specs (fully expanded length, then consider the height you are going to mount it (the difference between the two is the adjustment zone). Measure from the anticipated height of the base and work upwards. I have really tall ceilings in my kitchen and I setup the vent to exit to an outside wall and the chimney stops short of the ceiling - worked for us. Best I can offer on this.
The measurement is 16 inches for the flew (chimney part) from the start of the range hood there is 10 inches. We had this issue but wanted a polished look to our kitchen so we removed the above cabinets and put tile right to the celing in behind. Good luck with your project
I did not install it this way. However, there is a bracket spot welded on the hood portion itself. This will make it difficult to mount the hood flush to the under surface of the cabinet. You would probably have to mount the hood with the bracket flush to the cabinet bottom and get I think a one inch filler piece.....
The hood comes in two pieces the first main one is 16 inches the second on that fits inside and slides up to make up the second stage is also 16 inches but figure you lose up to an inch since you should keep that much at the point that the two are joined together. Yes the exhaust tubing is plastic but I used it since I was dumping the exhaust right from the until to the ouside and a metal smoke elbow would not be enough to make it through the wall and to try to make up the difference with metal would have been more work then needed. If your going to discharge the exhaust higher up (more then a foot) then use the metal smoke pipe it cuts down on the loss of CFM since it us smooth inside where as the plastic is ribbed for flexing. By the way I also used a Broan 641 wall cap it works real good with this installation and has not only a backdraft damper but a bird and bug screen.
Yes, you can safely hang items in the loops. I'm not familiar with the US standard, but I can't complain. I would say medium-low noise.
My installation was for a 14 foot ceiling. The chimney extends upward. I vented to an outside wall so it worked fine for that application. It depends on whether you intend to vent upward through the ceiling - mounting height is a factor. I believe the chimney extends to a grand total of three feet. If you plan to go upward through the ceiling, Amazon does sell a chimney extension kit: http://www.amazon.com/ZLKBWEXT-1-Piece-Extension-Model-Range/dp/B00E4Q0FF6/ref=pd_sim_la_2
Runs at 29 3/4. 30 on the cabinets gives you just enough room to slide it in place.
One year parts warranty with limits.
Yes, I have the z line range hood and it is not ducted outside and I used these filters. I purchased these three years ago and have been very happy with both products.
Yes they do they take a little bit of elbow grease but they do fit
The charcoal filters are meant to be used when you don't have the access to vent the fan outside. If you already have it vented, there is no point in using them as I don't believe there would be any additional value. I hope this helps.
I think it indicates somewhere in the packaging how long they last. We ended up venting ours before they needed replacing. The lights on my z line are another story, they burned out after a few months.
Not really the back has a bracket that fits into the vent it's designed for. I would try something else
I do not know. You should contact manufacturer or try and send back if doesn't work? I do know it does an excellent job as we could not vent our hood and took a chance. I love the ZLine hood! So many compliments it works well for venting out of your face!!
That totally depends on the vent hood exhaust length and how far down from your ceiling you feel comfortable with the hood above the grill.
Do not know. Try mfg's site
Yes I just had them installed 1 month ago.
This is a three-sided extension, so it's a wall-mount.
I didn't even need the extension for my 10 ft, so maybe the 10 ft. Would cover you. Not sure as I didn't do the install.
"who are you and what do you mean? what doesn't ""SLIDES"" into what hood?"
Hi jimmy Yes this is the correct piece. I purchased the extension because we didn't know how high we were going to mount the hood, but didn't end ended up using it. When you buy the extension they automatically swap out the standard chimney. I had to get them to the standard chimney piece later.
Yes, you may install the carbon filets to create a ventless hood.
It is plug in, but it was easy enough to by pass and hard wire - which is what I did
It is a plug in. Fyi: it only shows military time and there's no way to change it. It's also very noisy!.
That are led and don't really know if there are replacements. Should last a longl time though
I am not sure, a friend purchased this item. I do know they were happy enough with the product, they ordered a second one for another home a year later.Wish I could help more.
Would say it is either 16 or 18
I did not measure it but i think it is 20 or 22 ga.
Yes, it is wonderful.
I did not need the extension so I cannot say directly...however it should not be that difficult or expensive to have your local sheet metal shop fabricate an extension out of stainless steel material.
We used the piece that was included with the product... Our ceiling was 8 ft so we didn't need any additional extension. I hope this helps
Yes Eric I believe it may,but to be sure; Open freezer take everything out to access rear panel,only a few screws to do this. First make sure fridge is unplugged foremost,remove panel & compare what you see w/ pic & description of what you're buying. I paid 14.00 for the one I bought & hasn't failed me yet,you can pay for the 30-50 dollar one but probably same part. TAL...
WR51X443 part number
"No you cannot use it.....you need a 24"" single heater....and the 442....is a 24 DOUBLE....Heater......It WILL NOT WORK !!!"
I replaced a defrost heater. The new part was about 6inches wide. The original was more like 8 inches. I purchased stainless steel straps from hardware store to allow use of original mounting holes.
Thank you for contacting us. Yes, this part has a 30 days warranty. Let us know if you have any other question
The hood that I bought was 18 gauge.
Hi Dennis, The aluminum duct that is included with the range hood is a standard circular one, so you will need an adapter for your rectangular wall vent. Thank you! Kitchen Bath Collection
Use a 41/2 inch grinder with a metal cutting blade. Cut the outer shell separately and then the inner shell if needed to give the desired length. Use masking tape on outer shell to mark ur cut line
Hi Shane, Our range hood units are regular plug-ins that plug into a wall outlet. This may be vented through the wall or the ceiling, as long as the vent hole can be covered by the chimney pieces. Thanks! Kitchen Bath Collection
Hi, There is no clock. Thank you! KBC
Hi Christine, The color of this range hood is a silver stainless steel color, the color stainless steel should be. You may be seeing the glow of the lighting in the main product photo, but if you look at the other pictures of the hood, you will see that it is a silver stainless steel color. Please note that the chimney will come with a white protective film, so this must be removed prior to installation. Thank you! Kitchen Bath Collection
Ideal would be to install a power outlet in you attic right next to your pipe opening. Otherwise, install it on your wall, but make sure it is covered by ss pipe cover
Please note that the vent to the outside must be located behind or above the chimney portion of the range hood, so there is not a lot of room for the vent to be off-center. Thank you for your inquiry!
probably not
We do have an electronic copy of the installation manual available. Please email info@kitchenbathcollection.com to request the manual. Thank you!
yes, we vented ours. This is a very nice hood for the money.
Hi Yvonne, It is the lighting in the picture that you are referring to. If you look at our other item photos, you will see that it is of a silver stainless steel color. We also state in the item description that the entire range hood is of a silver stainless steel color. Thanks! Kitchen Bath Collection
This range hood is stainless steel and is of a silver stainless steel color. Thanks! Kitchen Bath Collection
about 28 inches. Add 5 1/2 inches if you add second piece with the side vent holes showing.
Yes it can. You have to cut hole in wall and install outside vent. I did it my self. Got outside vent @ Menards. Nice unit.
"The install manual gives a dimension for this. I ignored it and mounted mine at 27"" above cooktop so my wife and I wouldn't bang our heads on it like we did with the old one. Just so you know the fan in this thing moves a lot of air, so even mounted higher like ours didn't diminish it's capability to remove fumes and smoke like it would have with many others. We really like this unit and get lots of compliments on it. Good luck."
Absolutely, ours is vented to an existing outside vent.
Yes
The chimney is 8 3/4 wide by 6 1/2 deep. As to height, our ceiling is 8' and it's plenty high. Great hood!!
"Do a search for ""Activated Carbon Range Hood Filter"" on Amazon and all sizes will show up, just pick your size and place the order."
2 quarter slims will never fit! A half, a standard quarter or a quarter slim and a sixtel are your options with this unit. I converted my unit to a single tap and use it for halves only.
5 lb
It holds one regular keg or two halfs down to two quarters the co2 setup runs both kegs and has a double regulator setup
What size kegs are those ?
Not sure the exact weight but it is a two man lift if you do it in the box. I took everything out of the box and was able to do it myself.
I'm not home right now but I'm pretty sure that is not enough space. I know the taps go up to my chest and I'm 511
You can if you drill a hole through the wall of the kegerator for the Co 2 line, but don't hit the coolant lines.
Yes
It easily fits 2 1/6 Barrel kegs, but has room for up to 3 and the co2 tank
Everything that you need for use is complete and included.
It will fit fine without any special kit.
Easy answer, no. BUT I would think if you were handy and were able to trim the top at the angle you were wanting then you probably could mount it on an angled ceiling. If you have amazon prime you could always order it and return it if you don't think it will work. I ended up ordereing three different ones so I could see them. You will pay for shipping to return it but to me it was worth it. Good Luck!
29 7/8 inches. WE have a 30 inch cook top, I should have purchased a 32 or 36 inch. The scale of the thing would look better.
This one is vented to the outdoors. Mine is attached to a roof vent. Hope this helps.
I don't follow. The shipping box?
The exact dimensions are 29.5 inches x 21.25 inches. I received the installation instructions when it arrived at my house. I don't know if the installation instructions are available on line. If your good with a wrench, you'll be fine. It's really a fantastic unit, I would recommend it. A good value for sure.
it has both a clock and timer
You can use with outdoor venting or with charcoal filters for no outdoor ducts.
As an avid cook I had the same concerns but for ascetics purposes anything bigger would have looked wrong, like it was borrowed. My point is for the size and it's ability to dissipate steam and cooking smoke and smell is phenomenal! Also a fantastic value. Any other brand name hoods I looked at that were literally three times the price had nearly half the ability of this one. Form and function at a great price. Looks awesome too.
incredibly easy to use. plug it in and go. I bought the lint catcher attachment, as i live in a place where i cant have the dryer vented to the outside. Works like any dryer in any laundromat. Better even. Small loads only though. 2 pairs jeans or about 5 tshirts. Buy one, Love mine
It has a vent but comes with a plastic vent the filter is so good I stretched a stocking over to catch lint and after 4 loads there is still no lint in the stocking I used a black knee high so I could see better
This dryer has a hot setting. Drying men's jeans takes two runs - the jeans tend to stay moist in one (folded) spot, so you need to unfold them after they have been run through once. I find that my men's jeans are almost completely dry in 80 minutes. That's good for most clothes. Then I unwrap/untangle/unfold the jeans and run them a little longer. I only run one pair of jeans at a time, and I control the humidity in the room.
This dryer doesn't need to be vented. It comes with it's own assembly to direct the air out of the unit but it doesn't need to be vented to the outside like a standard dryer.
The total cubic feet inside the drum is about 1.32. However, the manual states you are only supposed to load up 5.8 lbs of clothes. It does not give a cubic foot size for the load.
I don't see why not. The outside gets warm but never hot. If the carpet is too thick it may rock a little though. The dryer doesn't really weigh that much. I keep mine directly on the bathroom floor.
Handles sheets not anything bigger than a throw blanket I just hang my blankets across chairs dry in a few hours and makes house smell fresh :)
"10"""
"Height: 22.5"" Width: 19.5"" Depth: 13"" Weight: not sure, but I can lift it quite easily (maybe 20lbs)"
It will be better to damp dry clothes with a spinner, then put them in heating dryer. Otherwise, it will take longer time to dry completely, and shortens product usage life of your new dryer.
After searching your model for diagrams, your agitator assembly looks exactly like mine. This part fits mine perfectly. It snap fits over the top of agitator and distributes fabric softener automatically, so much easier.
I don't rightly know. I just put the part number off my dispenser into the search window on eBay and this one came up as one that would work. Then I bought the part off Amazon because it was a better deal. My machine is a Kenmore 70 series and this part fits/works perfectly.
"I am assuming you need the inside diameter of the bottom portion of the dispenser. (The piece that fits on the agitator) It is 4 and 1/4"". It fits perfectly on the agitator in my 23 year old Kenmore 90 Series washer: Model 110.26902690. Hope this helps!"
Don't know about the Frigidaire washers; I have a Kenmore, 80 series I believe, and it fit and works like a charm. I just put the brand of washer and the part number off of my old dispenser in the search window on eBay, found a dispenser that would work and bought it thru Amazon because it was a better deal.
This hose is 12 feet long. I ordered mine because I wanted to drain the dishwasher in a location further away from the dishwasher than normal and it worked just fine for me.
Just me, I purchased a universal fitting at Home Depot ,about $3.50 or so. Very tight fit but works great.
One end has a stepped connector, You have to get a stepped connector from a hardware store for the other end
12feet 4inches not adjustable length
Unfortunately, if you cut it, you lose one of the ends to connect (male/female) to a terminal point. I installed this with lots of extra hose. It has worked fine as long as you don't have too much sitting lower than the dishwasher itself.
i have a replacement grill vent that fit perfectly on my kenmore mic
No its pure white. I am not sure if its available in black also
Hi Ron, Did a quick search on your model on Sears PartsDirect website and it is the same. This is Sears website if you want to check it out: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-model/Whirlpool-Parts and click on the grill vent at the bottom right. Jim
Hello, based on your model number, the correct part is either 8183948 in white, 8183851 in black, or 8184243 in almond. Thank you.
This will NOT fit your model please give us a call Monday for your correct part @ 773-278-1300
I am sorry, but I do not know. I bought this product as a direct replacement for my Whirlpool product.
It is a complete kit that works perfect if your refrigerator has a water inlet on the back of the left side it should work.
I bought this a few months ago. I have a Maytag fridge that calls for a UA1000 Ice Maker Kit. This fit fine. The lift arm is a little different, but it works fine. It was easy to install.
It should work ok but be sure it is the correct number. It is easy too install as long as the parts are all there.
Don't know
Yes Richard, I believe it is based on the repair parts list for your model number. I checked online and it appears that this ice maker will work.
Yes, this is the Ice maker kit.
2.5lbs
"Normally, when you buy a keg from a liquor store, you pay a deposit fee of like $25-50 to make sure you bring it back. That would be like ""renting"" a keg. You can also buy empty ones on Amazon, but that is more for home brewing. This machine is nice because if you own a keg, you can brew beer, transfer it directly from the glass carboy into your empty keg (once it is fermented of course), and you don't have carbonate it because the CO2 in the kegerator does that for you or worry about bottling it."
Yes
I have used a 3.5kg canister in mine.
I was able to fit two 5-gallon Cornelius kegs without a problem.
Yes.
Yes, we used a different one as well. Love this item btw! We also purchased a better regulator as well. Made a huge difference.
The rail comes off! I don't see it being an issues being confined on all sides but I don't want to answer that question for sure.
It is white; however it provides a tray that pulls out with these kind of egg-crate traps that would/could collect overflow from home brew or some other kind of mess.
Yes, it comes with everything you need. Just have to get the co2 tank filled.
Mine is the Bosch B26FT70SNS and yes it works with this refrigerator
yes, i believe it is; my application is thermadore side-by-side refrigerator
Do not know for the Thermador,but these various brand names are made perfectly by the 3M company-same as the filter above I am regularly getting for my Bosch fridge. Outstanding quality,replacing it every six months.
I am not sure I have a Bosch.
Yes, I have that model and this filter is the right one. Merry Chritmas
yes
Yes, this is a compatible filter for your model
I ordered: Bosch 644845 9000194412 Ultra Clarity Refrigerator Water Filter which worked 100%.
Yes
The assembled depth is 25.98 inches. The assembled height is 36.02 inches. The assembled width is 17.72inches. Also the depth with the door open at 90 degrees is 49 inches. Best portable dishwasher I have ever owned.
You can certainly fit a few in there. I wouldn't get too crazy, but you can get 2 or 3 in there comfortably without getting in the way of the spray arms.
It has two spray arms. One on the bottom and one just below the top tray.
36 inch
Roughly 5 ft in length. Best to plan for the length of the water connections as well. They are only 3 ft in length.
To the kitchen sink faucet and the drain in the sink.
I believe one year the dish washer is great does a good job on cleaning
I roll mine to the sink. Connect the hose. Very easy. Turn on the water. Plug it in. Push start. Hose and plug come out the back and store nicely.
Yes, and it's very easy to screw on and off. I have owned this unit for over a month now and love it very much. Can't imagine how I ever lived without it before.
Yes
This listing is for white color. We will ask Amazon to correct the information.
I'm too lazy to get up and get actual dimensions for you, but we are able to put a dozen or so large dinner plates and an equal amount of smaller plates on the bottom rack. The top rack fits all the cups and glasses. As a family of 4 we run one load a day. ( I wash large pots and pans by hand).
It is fairly loud. Nothing that is going to cause issues with neighbors though
no
According to manufacturer website, The Drying system is Residual heat drying. Please review the website link for details. http://www.sunpentown.com/sd18podiwh1.html
"about 30"""
Given as gift to my daughter. She loves it. No issues
It's not very wide it should fit through the door.
Yes, if you purchase this item from us (seller: Sunpentown) on Amazon. Please contact us at 1-800-330-0388. Thanks.
The door does not actually attach to the unit. The door is attached to the filter screen which fits inside the unit and so the door actually sets on the unit like a box top on a box. When you grab the handle you see in the picture the door will come off the top with the screen filter attached to it. I hope that makes sense .
The instructions say to clean out same as your dryer lent screen, which is before/after every load. There is a window, so that you can seen the lint build-up on the screen. Amazingly, there is lint that gets through the dryer vent. I usually, clean mine every other load. I initially installed this to make it easier to clean out the ducts yearly, but the screen captures a significant amount to be cleaned every other load. I'm hoping I won't have to clean the ducts yearly, by cleaning the screen every other load instead. Maybe I can get away with cleaning the ducts every two to three years.
My ductwork is inside the wall with the only thing visible the cover to remove and clean the filter. It is a neat application. I am surprised at the amount of lint this collects that is discharged from the dryer. It is great.
I don't see why you couldn't as long as you have sufficient airflow you will still trap the excess lint.
Certainly. I got it because dryer vent exited into the garage and over the years I had accumulated about 1/4 inch of lent near the exit. This lint trap from Fantech has successfully captured most of the lint which escaped from my dryer. There still very fine lint which is not trapped. I know because I attached an old nylon hose from my wife to the vent exit. It was very minor. You will also need to use some foam backed strips to seal around the door flange.
Before I found this filter I fabricated a home made one using the type of plastic screen wire used for window screens. You can find the screen wire at Home Depot of Lowes
"A 4"" dryer duct will slip over both ends."
this just catches lint. It sounds like you need a dryer duct booster.
No booster is needed. We had to pipe the dryer exhaust up the wall and through a bulkhead to reach outside. The Lint Trap was mounted in the wall just above the control panel of the dryer for accessing easily. It is a great addition.
"Hello. Try using either foil tape or, if you want to be able to take it down and reinstall on a regular basis, use wide rubberized clamps which seal the openings between the lint trap and duct. Try searching for FC4 mounting clamp for round 4"" Duct (Pair). Good luck."
No. They are tilted and under the level of the cooking surface.
center 20 1/4 x 8 1/4, left and right 11 x 20 1/4
I looked at the manual online and it appears that you can cook with or without convection.
Timer and beeper work as instructed on the unit I purchased. No problems. This oven is a gem. Closest you are gonna get to a commercial type oven without the high cost. Make sure you provide enough space for upper cabinets as instructed. This oven has high BTU's.
"The approximate dimensions of this range are 39-1/4"" tall x 30' wide x 29-3/8"" deep. The height is to the top of the air opening (vent) at the back of the top surface. For complete information you should go to http://products.geappliances.com/ApplProducts/Dispatcher?REQUEST=SpecPage&Sku=PGS920SEFSS or call the GE Answer Center at 800-626-2005."
LF - 20,000 btu, LR - 5,000 btu, RF - 11,000 btu, RR - 9,100 btu, Center oval - 10,000 btu.
It works fine without seasoning it. Great stove. We love it!
there is a way to convert the stove to propane on the back
Not sure, but the oven is great so far.
Are you asking about capacity or actual physical properties? Capacity is 1.98 cu. ft. For me that is three or four pairs of jeans or one king size bed sheet and three pillowcases. It suits my husband and I perfectly, might not be so good for a larger family.
approximately 24 inches when accounting for the back proturberance and the front door
Yes, but you will need to purchase a stacking kit for about $185 in order to stack with the coordinating dryer
"This machine is very stable, does not ""walk"" or shift during spin. I think the second floor would be fine if the floor is solidly constructed."
You can use Tide pellets but I use from reading best products Wisk HE and Tide booster pellets (different from normal pellets)
It is a standard size machine. 60 x 60 cm. it is very quiet. And very good dry spin. I can really recommend.
Yes. Model 3037 is a matching dryer; works well and dries clothes quickly. It is a vented model. There is a matching condenser dryer, forgotten model number, which matches and requires no exterior vent. Cannot speak to its effectiveness.
It automatically adjusts depending on the load so can only say thats it relatively effecient
Yes it does, and unlike many American machines it engages the internal heater on every setting other than Normal and Delicates.
It is 36 height... but I'm sure you can raise it higher... I don't know if you have something to put underneath it... or maybe the legs of it can get unscrewed at the bottom...
Yes! It has a great manual setting (on the control panel). It also has a steam clean option. We have not needed this option yet. Ours stays clean.
It does not have any downdraft. Mine is used with the matching over the stove microwave.
I installed the unit in an island with an overhead island vent for the stove. I'm not aware of any vent for the oven. Mine is surrounded by cabinetry on three sides, so if there were a vent it's doing nothing.
The fan runs while the stove top is on to disperse the built up heat underneath the burners
These model are only made in stainless
My stove is operating on house voltage of 115 - 118 volts and is operating just fine!
The brand isn't significant. Pick the style you like and go with that. It will be independently controlled. I bought a zline.
dear Jan, as I see it, there is NO difference what so ever. This oven is wonderful! one tip, whether baking or using convection in oven, this puppy is a bit quick! My banana bread was too brown on top and still gooey in middle.. frozen pizza works amazing! cooks in3/4 the time... hope this helps....thanks, Tim
Hi LA, Thanks for your interest in the NE58F9500SS Electric Slide-In Range. This and other Samsung Electric Ranges have been designed to comply with the maximum allowable wood cabinet temperature of 194F (90C). Make sure the wall covering, countertops, and cabinets around the range can withstand the heat (up to 194 F [90 C]) generated by the range. If not, discoloration, delamination, or melting may occur. I would suggest consulting your cabinet manufacturer's specifications to ensure they meet these standards. - Ms. Samsung
Not as quick as a toaster oven but pretty quick.
Overhead ventilation.
"No. However, we've had front control switches replaced twice. The service man said they're somewhat fragile and if the ""OFF"" position is exactly made, the display cooling fan runs continuously because it thinks a range burner is on."
Ive just started using this stove, so am no expert. However I'm impressed at how quickly both the burners and ovens heat up. So far I'm enthusiastic.
Yes. It has two modes. Standard and quick. Quick uses steam. Both work wonderfully well.
Mine slipped in without any problem. As long as the floor is level and you have 2 people level the ceramic range top to just above the countertops, it was a breeze. I love my range.
No it does not. You need to purchase either a 3 or 4 prong 50I range cord.
White Glove delivery includes haul away. The fee is $99.99.
William, at this time Samsung only has this model available in stainless steel.
if you notice most dealers are within $40 of each other. these dealers all have a 90% or better approval rating. goedekers is the lowest prices and has a 69% approval rating that tells you something. a few reviews even state wasn't worth the savings. read them all then make an educated decision. The aggravation may not be worth the savings..
My fridge is FRS6LF7JW3. It takes three different types of door bins. I purchased 240356401 for the upper part of the fridge door. You may be able to find your part number by searching the net. Good luck.
No
No they won't. The ones on the bottom on my side by side are similar to the freezer but the ones in the freezer are shorter and don't have a back or are not enclosed as these are. Double check your model and take a good look at the picture then compare with what you have. Figure you already know this but it doesn't hurt to say it.
No . This will not work on your model
"Yes, it will work just fine. This 240356401 Frigidaire Refrigerator Upper Door Bin is designed to help you organize and keep track of the food in your refrigerator. Replacement for Part Numbers: This replaces 891213, AP2116036, PS430121. Size: 15.42"" Wide X 7.1"" Long X 5.04"" Height Type: Upper Door Bin"
No, your model calls for part number 240324501
I needed two bins but ordered one first. It was a perfect fit. I went ahead and ordered another one. I was using them for over 6 months, didn't have any problems.
Yes, This will Fit your Model
fit perfet to me
It vents out of the upper back you see on the picture, have two vents, one for every oven
It is a smaller oven and heats rapidly. We have not used it to make toast (I don't doubt you could) but find it useful for more things than the usual larger ovens found on other stoves. As a bonus you have the larger oven for the holiday 24 pound turkey and the seven rib prime roast. You will not be disappointed with this unit.
Please refer to page 32 of your manual- it sounds like you are attempting to use the wrong rack in the oven- this model has specific racks designed for the top and the bottom and they are NOT interchangeable. Melanie with Goedekers
Yes they are.
"It requires a ""pigtail."" It is not included because different cities/counties/states have different requirements. You can find one at your local hardware or appliance store."
I did not see one. I did check consumer reports and they did not have a recommendation either. I just purchased a T-Fal griddle pan to try. Hoping it works well. It states it is ok on glass tops and makes contact across the two burners.
If you are not replacing an existing range, you'll need to have an installer. If you have an existing range, it's just a matter of changing the power cord from old to new.
It does not show finger prints but does require normal cleaning
Both are very high quality ranges. I would say the pros and cons are mostly based on if you prefer to bake (double ovens are better) or cook on the stovetop (induction is better).
The stove is 29.5 wide. The glass top overhangs the balance. Should fit mine did. Had no problems.
"Your dishwasher has an outflow hose that will connect to a plastic tube protruding near the top of this InSinkerator. You have to use a screwdriver to break out a little plastic partition to let water flow into the grinder compartment before you connect the hose. I don't think mine had a power cord. I was replacing an older unit so I just connected it to the old wires. You will probably want to wire this directly into a house circuit, but could buy a plug and some wire from a hardware store if your unit will be within reach of an outlet under your sink. With ""Cover Control"" you don't need to wire in a switch. You connect the tailpiece of the InSinkErator to your drain through a U-shaped trap. If you didn't have a similar unit before, but just a sink drain, you may have to rebuild the drain pipes a little to put the trap in line with the InSinkErator output tailpiece. That isn't difficult to do."
Being the unit is internally wired and activated through the cover control I doubt whether the wall switch would be needed.
Yes. I had the older model and the new model fits right in.
I would think not. The factory flange goes all the way into the mouth of the unit. It has a retaining ring that is used to hold the triangular shape mounting flange that goes under the sink. The diposal then hangs from the triangular bracket. Thats my thoughts. Good luck.
From what I've been told this is the mother of disposals. It's very quiet. Our plumber asked why we chose such a big one, we didn't need the HP but wanted the safety switch.
I guess I don't understand what you mean. The water is draining out as it is grinding.
Why? The stopper/top is the switch.
The cord does not come connected. I remember having ordered a cord for it. The reason they don't include it is because some people hard wire it. It's inexpensive and really simple to attach. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to connect. The only thing that could slow you down is if you are color blind. Additionally, if you are replacing a current insinkerator product it takes about 1/2 hr to install. I replaced mine from 15 years ago and it attached right to the old sink flange.
"I can't really answer, as that unit is at my mom's and not available for me to measure. I have a batch feed unit, model ""Cover Control"" and it is about 15 inches below the sink. Mine is about 5 years old, and not the 'plus' model. The factory sheet (www.insinkerator.com) says 16.25 inches, and I'd want at least 2 inches below it, which you might need to maneuver it into position."
The cover water from the faucet to flow through at full speed, but there is no splattering. We have had this disposal for about a year and really like it.
"I forget the exact capacity but it is large and I believe it was listed either in the description or in the questions on Amazon. It's a large capacity though. I just use tap water, nothing said ""purified only"" or anything the way some others do. Seems to work fine though I haven't had it all that long. Also I haven't used it as much as I might because I need to find a new spot for it. For some reason it interfere's with the TV signal when it's running from where it is."
"Not the power light but that isn't overly strong the way it is on others and this doesn't give off diffrent ""mood"" type lights the way others do either. Also if the power lights (two small dots) do bother you for any reason you could just turn the unit around and spin the top half way so the spout is still pointing out."
i think it would fit in really well. it is really no bigger then if you bought a humidifer from your local store. the Daditong does the work of two items in one. it sends a calming aroma as well as puts moisture back into the air. of course you would want to set it where little ones couldn't reach it. if i still had small children / babies i know i would not hesitate to put one in their room. i have used a humidifier and i had to keep an eye on it as it would run out of water. where as you can set the Daditong up and it will run all nite without running out of water. i don't think you could use anything better than the Daditong it fits in any decor.
Faux Wood
I'm only a customer and what follows is what i know of their 'rap' on the product: The bags are filled with volcanic ash that absorbs odors. After some period of absorbing stink, the product can be placed outdoors in the bright sunshine for a day or so and it gets renewed and can be reused 'for two years' I guess you'll have to decide when it merits refreshing
Attach a small Command hook to the inside of the fridge, remove the suction cup from the Moso bag, and hook the bag over the Command hook.
I did not see that on the instructions so I do not think so.
I leave mine out for a few hours (2-3). Not sure if that is the recommended but it works for me.
I would guess that it would be, based on the 200g bags I have which are roughly twice the size. The dimensions they give in description are wrong, the bag is smaller than the size they quote (see the photo up of the product in the fridge to see size comparison next to food items.
"The difference between the 2 is that Pure Ecco requires you to choose between a high flow or low flow model. Which means pick based on how much water your machine uses. So 2 models with pre defined settings for low water wash or more traditional deep models. Wash-it has 1 model for low water wash ans deep fill models. The washers wash system determines water usage not the 03 machine. They both use the same science and apply the same 03 methodology. Also, with wash it, there is a knob that you ""tune"" to ionize the water which is a great application in that based on water conditions the ability to tune the machine to the proper ionization level will ensure your machine properly ionizes the water to get your clothes clean. When the Wash-it logo lights up, your water is at the correct ionization level and you are ready to use."
Call the manufacturer at 1-855-392-7448. The gentleman there was very helpful at responding to questions.
Using cold water ionized by the Wash-it unit clothes have odors and dirt removed. The ionized water lifts the dirt off of clothes and removes odor.
Yes. I have received feedback from family that is using this unit that it does work.
No filters or replacement parts. It is warrantied against faliure or in the event it might need actual service. Again, no filter replacements or parts to change out to keep it working like it should.
The voltage of this product is Input 100-240V / Output 12V
I don't know, but it would just be a matter of getting the right adapter. The current one that is included is for 110-120volts AC to 12volts DC. So you would need one to go from 220volts to 12volts DC. You may want to try to call the manufacturer or you could just buy it and find your own adapter.
you should be fine... the system has nothing to do with the age of your washer. You just screw your water hoses from your washer onto the Washit. the Washit hose gets screwed onto the water spigot itself. It provides the water into the washer instead of being hooked directly to the water line. What I do notice is for me anyway... the washer takes longer to complete a load. I believe this is due to the amount of water being feed through the Washit system itself. If you call the company, they can tell you how to adjust some of this pressure! Best wishes!
"Make sure that the hot water supply to the washer is turned off, or connect your hot water supply from the washer to the second port on the ""wash it"" to fool your washer's temperature sensor, or try setting your wash load to cold water only, sometimes that will work."
Yes.very simple setup.
It comes with it.
yes you need to take the grease and vapors out or you ceiling will be yellow
Grease and is really visual. You don't want to use any ruff material. I do a grease cleaner then go over it with baby oil if you want it to look like new. Yep baby oil I sad it olive oil work to to don't get any streeks
It would need a hood or microwave with a hood. It has a vent on the back, but that is for the convection air movement.
Yes, it does come with the full warranty. I haven't had a problem because we're just in the beginning process of remodeling our kitchen, so we haven't yet installed the stove. It's really nice looking and looks commercial without the $7,000 to $10,000 price tag!
The lock option locks the key pad to prevent any child from turning it on accidentally. We absolutely love the oven and we have 3 children.
Try manually pushing the switch on the left side of the door with the door open. It may be broken.
Slide in means that it is not finished on the sides of the range and that it slides into the open area so you don't see the sides. Where as a drop in means that it is finished on the sides so it can go between two cabinets or stand alone in the kitchen. Slide ins also does not have the back splash operation buttons. All the buttons are on the front. Sealed burners are the types of burners. They will Not work unless they have the circle sealed disks on them. A safety feature. Absolutely love this range
++it does come with a lip that sits on the counter top
Yes I just oiled it and heat it on high for at least 5 minutes before putting it to the temp I want. Parts of it seem to cook differently sometimes though. I believe a booklet with instructions came with. It is helpful.
You can't lower the pedestal. I needed about the same amount of space and had to have my cabinet modified.
I tried one smaller size rug once and it didn't spin out
don't , I did mine my self,not complicated but bulky and very heavy
"Randy G. asks if this combination washer and dryer are ""stackable."" My sense of this is that they are not. Stackable washers and dryers are built to their own specifications for weight and height. However, you should contact Maytag and ask them directly. They probably have units very much like these products that are. You can also contact Western Appliance here in San Jose, CA and ask them. I didn't purchase these from Amazon, but rather Western Appliance. Western Appliance STANDS by their products and customers. I know because I have returned products before to them and gotten credit for it towards new purchases, etc. If Western Appliance stands by me, I will stand by them."
"Actual height with pedestals is 54"". That's with adjustable leveling feet all the way down ( my floor is level). So 55"" of clearance would be needed if you were sliding it under something."
There is a button on the right of the panel...drum light, fresh hold, steam for stains...the fifth one down is cycle signal. It turns the noise off
Yes it does ! Perfectly
I bought it on AmEx card that extends the factory warranty one year at no charge, So I guess it was worth it. No Problems with the product but I have a Maytag dishwasher that failed after 27 months. not a good sign
We did not buy the extended warrenty, We generally do not buy any extended warreny. We believe that if the product is defective most likely will be during to regular warrenty. Also, most repairs have you pay the deductible and ususaul with the deductibale and the price of the warrenty that you paid for, you are most likely paying out what the machine is worth for its age at the time. There is that chance that you have a bad machine and make out for getting an extended warrenty, but you are better off in the long run to not buy any warrentee and save the warrenty money to pay for the one appliance that does break.
the pedestals have levels on them that give you about 2 inches t0 play with but that is all
"A 28""w x 32""d pan will fit under the washer. But if you are concerned of a leak, the dryer also has a cold water connection; you may want to consider two pans."
We have washed a comforter in them and it was great. I must earn you though, if it's a feather filled comforter, you should not wash it in a conventional washer as it will ruin the feathers
"Does not include 1) power cord for dryer, 2) exhaust vent/duct, 3) hot, cold, or cold to dryer hoses. It does include the wye connector to connect 2 cold hoses to your cold water supply (one for the washer and one for the dryer). You will also need a small hose extension, 12"" or so to connect from the cold supply to the wye connector."
They are stackable. I'm not home to measure the height, though :(
I do not know the answer to that question. You will have to contact the company directly.
The dryer comes with the hinge on the right and the washer hinge on the left. I wanted to change the hinge side on the dryer and found it fairly easy to change the dryer to hinge from the left.
The electric one that we have - does not. I'm not sure if the same goes for the gas one. It intakes cold and hot water from the house connection.
"27"" WIDE EACH regards, plessers"
MHW7000AG MED7000AG regards, Plessers Appliances
Yes it is.
I suggest that you go to a web-based store that sells appliance repair parts. Type in your appliance model number and it should return the correct component part number for your specific appliance.
I can not get your Model Number to come up. Verify the model # and then we will see.
It replaces GE WR55X10942 directly from China. I have used3 of them, they work perfectly!
I do not know. What I can say is that it fixed my problem, it's still working properly and it was considerably less than buying from GE.
it worked for us.
Yes
My GE side by side: rear, lower right.
you would need to google the board number from your unit and see if the part numbers will fit the model you have..many different part numbers so thats the best way to see if this board will fit ...
Sure. If you live in an area where the voltage isn't reliable it's best to put a protective device on your outlet.
"According to the info at this link: ""http://bustedrefrigerator.com/ge-refrigerator-not-cooling"" - which is the advice I followed - the answer is Yes."
The maximum is 100 hours which seems a little silly.
"Pro cooking ring surface area (red circle) is 9+ inches as opposed to only 6"" on the pic2 and it seems that the temperature accuracy is better on Pic2, though not bad on Pro. The Pro goes up by 5's but checking temp with a thermometer pic2 is within3-4+/- and the Pro is 10-12 +/-"
we have not try chocolate yet, other thing we have cook work grate at the temp. reamended, love it work fast.
Yes, I bought some accessories from their website and had no problems.
Yes, and it's perfect for that. Temp is exactly what you set it to with no differential. Timer will go way past 48 hours.
I use it for all my stove top cooking
Nobattery
Yes
Yes.
"The PIC Pro is the one to buy. Better features for the money and works great. Buy from Amazon and not the PIC website. You won't have to pay $300 for shipping on the ""free stuff""."
For a purchase of R22 please be advised you MUST provide us with an EPA number to be associated with your purchase. We can also accept a statement saying the item is for resell to a certified tech or to be used by a certified technician.
Pamela, I am not the seller. I bought some R-22 from this Amazon seller and it worked great. I had a licensed AC contractor install it for $60 bucks. Saved many $$$$.
All AC systems are engineered specifically for only one refridgerant. This is because each refridgerant has it's own requirements and specifications as to how it must be pressurized, what oils must be used, and what ability it has to efficiently cool. A system built for R22 or R12, will be built to accept different pressures and will use different oils than a system built to run R134. This is why for the most part, refrigerants are not interchangeable between various systems. My understadning, is R134 is not as efficient as R22, and will cause an increased load on the compressor, resulting in system failure.
We require a copy of an EPA certification or letter of intent to resale before this item is shipped. It is clearly stated in the listing. Thank you for your concern on the matter.
yes
What are you asking of me ?
I wasn't required to obtain any form.
r22 will last indefinitely is long as it's sealed and not exposed to air or moisture. it will expand and contract and its metal vessel but that we'll be undetectable
The price you on the scree is current.
The can has a valve and it has a male screw thread outlet that fits into the female thread that is standard on the supply hose to a gauge manifold assembly.
Yes it has a conventional bake settings. But I prefer the convection setting - especially for baking breads and pastries. Provides even temperatures through out the oven allowing faster cooking times. Care must be used when opening door in convection mode. Keep your body to the side of the door as wall of heat will hit you if your standing in front of it. Wait a couple seconds before reaching in as this could be quite painful from experience. I'm quite pleased with this unit and love the induction top. I find it better than cooking with gas. You will need induction cookware for it to work. Train family members to use care as the glass surface is susceptible to scratches. I use pot felt pads when placing hot stoneware on the range surface. Stoneware has coarse surface that will scratch the glass.
The JV636HSS would be the matching hood.
You will most definitely need a vent. I don't know if or how well a pop-up vent will work. I purchased an overhead hood and we remodeled the cabinet above the stove to make room for the hood. Good luck.
"I'm sorry but I do not understand your question. ""Slide ins"" are by nature ""stand alone"" The primary difference from traditional ranges is that they are designed to be placed within a cabinet opening designed to present an integrated appearance. Thus the range top has edges that form a 3/4 inch flange over the counter-top so that cooking spills do not leak down the sides. The counter top opening therefore must conform to the size required by the range (both width and height). Do not confuse ""slide in"" with ""drop in"" Make sure your counter height and width conform to the required spec or that you can alter it to bring it into spec. Ours fit in perfectly and my wife is overjoyed with it. Google ""slide in vs drop in"" in if you are confused over the difference between them. Also make sure that all of your cookware has enough ferrous (iron) material to allow a magnet to stick firmly to the base or the induction range will not work with it. Ours heats a proper saucepan filled with water to a full boil in less then two minutes. Its very responsive. I would not recommend this range to be used without a counter-top at each of its sides. The glass cook-top would have exposed edges that normally lie upon the counter-top and are therefore well protected from possible physical strikes resulting in consequent damage or breakage. Additionally the sides, while painted, are not designed to be exposed to view such as a standard range sitting at the end of a counter with one side exposed to view where a finished surface on the side of the range is desirable."
I use 1 skillet on the large burner and place them in the warming drawer as they are done. Hope that helps.
No countertop is needed. It pushes directly up to a wall. In fact, the oven vent is raised an inch or so above the back of the cooking surface, so if there were a countertop behind it, the vent would stick up and look a little strange.
Yes
Haven't had any problems, very satisfied....are you losing power or just unable to use? There is a control lock button on the unit controls that locks all functions, comes in handy when cleaning the control panel, stops the burners from coming on with buttons are pushed........
Did you hit start after putting your time in?
Yes you can.as long as you have magnetic bottom.
Yes
No
The lights do not swivel.
Yes
Yes
I don't know the exact wattage, but they are definitely not bright enough. They cast a very dim, blue-ish light. Not enough task lighting for an island. And they can not be easily exchanged for brighter ones, unfortunately. We plan on contacting the manufacturer to find out if there if they have any suggestions.
"Yes it can... You just need to purchase the 2 carbon filters which attache to the side of the blower inside the unit. Search for ""AKDY Range Hood Carbon Filter For Ventless/Ductless Option"" and you will find them"
It is 36 inch. You probably fot 32 inch one
"I had 47"" and it fit and looks great. It was a pain to put in til I bought my own hardware to mount it. Remember you'll have space to bury any excess of the flue up in your ceiling. Hope that helps. Oh yeah the finished height from ceiling to bottom of the unit ended up being 19.5"" but I snipped a little off"
Ours in already installed so don't have the box any more. Think we paid about $40 for shipping to Las Vegas. Hope this helps.
I could use it because it had to be vented to the outside.But I believe it vented out the back.
This vent hood is designed to be secured under a cabinet.
No 12 volt. I'm using a transformer.
Needs to be vented outside.
If it does, I haven't found a way to do it yet.
No, they are high enough not to be in the way, unless you have a bunch of stock pots going at once. I have never had an issue with it.
"Your question uses strange language, but if you mean are the largest heating areas on the front, then yes, the largest is the front right ""burner"", the next largest is the front left, then then rear left, and the smallest is the rear right."
It is hidden
I've used it once and it cleaned the oven very well. I often make pizza right on the rack so I often get cheese spilled over. All was cleaned.
Yes it does. There is no vent for the stove top.
"The Owner's Manual states: ""NEVER place or straddle a cooking pot or utensil over 2 different surface cooking zones heating at the same time. This will cause uneven heating results and could cause the ceramic cooktop to fracture."" I've found that the burners aren't very picky about pot sizes; best practices would be to use a pan/pot with a bottom not more than 1/2 inch larger than the max size markings, or less than 1/2 inch smaller than the min size markings."
Mine came with paper work that you filled out, enclosed a check and sent in to Frigidaire.
yes the water is poured directly into the ice cube chamber. When the ice melts its recreated
"See item details. 13"" x 13"" 13"". Home depot has them if you want see one."
I have been using mine continuously and only drained it once. there is a rubber plug on the bottom toward the front you can remove have a bucket or have over the sink it can be messy
"How often do you empty the ice? If you empty it as soon as the basket is full,the ice is more firm. If you leave it for a while, the ice is ""easy to crunch"". I make the larger, but if you use the small setting, that might help you also."
It's small but not sonic size
mine had no filter either. had to unscrew back panel to get to pump. check out u-tube theres a video that helped me
The impeller should move freely all the way around. There could be something in a vein off the impeller. I didn't try and take mine apart. I removed a quarter out of mine with some hooks. Still didn't drain properly so i just bought a new pump. Works great still and it's been a couple of years
The part that you need for that washing machine is DC 31-00054a now you can take the old pump out and see how it matches to this pump but I would go with the recommended part that Samsung recommends. The alternative part number for that washing machine is dc97-15974b.
There is no filter on this drain pump, a filter would be helpful. This is our third pump for this machine.
"Hello, this is a bit complicated for an answer, but essentially, yes it *should* fit based on your model number. Based on the model number, the following ""pumps"" are compatible replacements: Drain pump, part #DC96-01414A; Drain pump motor and impeller only, part #DC31-00054A; Drain pump, part #DC96-01700A; Drain & circulation pump assembly, part #DC97-15974C. Usually, only one part is listed as compatible, so all the extra parts are what is making my answer a *should* fit instead of *definitely*. Hope this all helps. Thank you."
I'm sorry I do not know. I bought it for my Samsung front loader a few years ago and it has been working great. Not sure if it is a commonly used pump.
Yes it will.
If yours looks like the picture it will probably work
Not very heavy, and small enough to be fairly easy to move. Got it for family members with only 110 electricity in their home. They have had it for about a year with no problems whatsoever.
Not sure if the dryer comes with a warranty, didn't check being as it was a gift. My home only has 110v outlets so I can not have a full size dryer. It is fairly quiet though and if I use the time dry feature on 120 min or so everything gets dry. The regular heavy dry sensor feature usually leaves my clothes damp and it doesn't get as hot as a 220v dryer. Bottom line for the money this is a good purchace. Durable, an works well for my needs. I recommend buying a few replacemnt dryer lent pads (the thick black one) for a couple dollars. They are difficult to clean if you have a dog that sheds a lot.
yes it can, depending on how much you use this and the heat setting that you use
Yes
I stopped using the cigar oasis in my unit and switched to (1) pound of ) heartfelt 70% humidity beads. I needed something that would bring the humidity down to a certain level, as beads will absorb the excess moisture, where the oasis will not do that.
Those would be the outside dimensions.
Yes, but believe there is a wait. The guy that makes them is named Forrest. Believe he is out of Idaho and has a website, it is wineadors.com
this does not come with any humidification unit its just the temp control but its cheap and easy to put your own humidification unit use the beads they work best also get a hygrometer to keep an eye on the humidity I have this its perfect and barely needs any maintenance
My review was a bit harsh, I need to update it, it is a great humidor That being said I have it set at warmest temp which is 65 degrees...of course it's 10 outside and my house is 68. So for you the cooling aspect will come more into play
Yes
rated capacity on this Eco Aqua is 750 gallons
Yes it fits perfect great alternative for name brand freezer
Yes it will!
Yes
I believe so, I have a Bosch french door but mine is 3 years old and they work great
It did! Thank you
Yes
yes im running it in my bosch refrigerator
We live in Wisconsin and it gets real cold here in the winter. We have had our 10 cu ft freezer in the garage for 13 years. Works great and I am guessing that it doesn't run much during the cold spells. Jim
Not sure. We use ours for fishing in MN. We also use it at home when we are short on freezer space. Looks like it is made well. Try Google for customer reviews. When I get home I will check
This is best used when plugged directly into an outlet.
115v, 0.88 Amps, 75 Watts.
Between 1 1/2 and 2 1/2.
Ours has a square white sticker. No lump underneath, no writing on it and it is stuck hard enough would have to scrap off. We don't no why it is there but since freezer works well we just left it alone.
No
"21"" H x 16"" D x 12.5"" W good flexibility because shelves are removable"
Yes you do have to defrost it , but I have only needed to do so once so far...I will probably defrost again in about another week or so. It is not difficult to defrost...I help the inside along by scraping it so it takes less time and I could put everything back in quicker. I have been happy with it so far..hope this helps!
"28"" H X 17.5"" W X 20"" D"
"Debora, We have listed the dimensions below from Frigidaire. Height 69-7/8"" Width 36"" Depth 28-1/2"""
"24-1/2"" from the wall to the front of the fridge (without doors)."
Yes. F in model means fingerprint free
The manufacturer provides only a one year warranty on this product. At Goedeker's we offer a 5 year full warranty that comes with 10 year major component coverage as well.
Stainless steel is great until it gets covered with grimey fingerprints! Luckily, this fridge is SMUDGE-PROOF. Please call me Micayla at (888-768-1710) I will take care of you. I have a special price on this unit and no sales tax or shipping. I look forward to hearing from you!
It's the same width across the front and the back.
28 inches but with the back wires 29
gray
You do not need to worry about shipping weight! We offer free shipping!
I have owned this machine for a few months now, and consider it a great purchase. I will answer your question, though ... by explaining how I use it because I have gone through quite a bit of trial and error, and now set it up in the best way that works for me. First I get the lid to a large plastic tote bins that I have. ( Something you can find at probably every dollar store, Walmart etc ) and lay it TOP DOWN in my bathtub. This prevents the water from submerging the bottom of the machine in any way. Then, I fill the washer side ( making sure the dial is set on WASH first ) using the hand held shower head I have. It works just fine. I don't need to use any fancy hoses, levers, etc. I know a lot of people out there do that. This works best for me. As for soap, I either dilute a laundry pod ( as I have a bunch of them anyway ) in SIX CUPS of water ( you will have TONS left over ) and use 1 TEASPOON of that, per load .. or one teaspoon of regular liquid laundry soap. I usually turn on the machine about half a second just to see suds in the water.. I don't think it's needed though. Now, this is what I do per clothing item per load: ( for two people living in my home ) - NO MORE then 5-6 tops - NO MORE then 3-4 pants ( depending on their thickness. Jeans, two per load ) - Under clothing items, I always have a lot and I always throw them all in, but be prepared to untangle socks .. so if you do not want to do that,do your socks in small loads orput them into a THICKKKKKKKKKKKK laundry bag. ( I say thick because this machine will tear the regular small ones to absolute shreds ) - Bedding, yep, bedding ... I do the cover sheet AND the top sheet together. If you want, it can handle two pillow cases along with. I don't do that, I wash the pillow cases ( cuz there is four total ) with my tops. Works fine. - Do not, do not, do NOT wash ANY blankets in this machine other then baby blankets. - Towels .. now we have standard, large towels and I will NEVER again put more then two in at a time. As well, I will NEVER put more then 3/4th a teaspoon of laundry soap in with the towels because they REALLY REALLY suds up the machine. It doesn't matter how may times you rinse, it causes tons of suds. You will be rinsing for hours, or have to take the towels out and rinse by hand. I do all wash clothes, dish towels, hand towels together. ( Usually 7-9 pieces total ) The times I have found that work best per clothing item per load: (Seriously, screw what the numbers say or what the booklet suggests ) Tops - 5-7 minutes if you have heavily soiled tops, I don't see an issue with going as much as 9 minutes. Also, if they are delitcate tops, lace, etc .. 3-4 works fine. Pants - 7-10 minutes. Heavily soiled, 10 might still be enough, but go ahead and add more if they are like muddy, etc. ( In which case, you don't wannal oad the machine up too much with mud etc) Under clothing - I run em the full 15 minutes. Works great. Towels, 13-15. After washing is done, drain. Then refill to rinse. You have to do this or your clothes are gonna be sudsy. Go ahead and leave clothing in machine while your draining and refilling. Then, run the rinse for HALF the amount of time you just washed. Then drain the machine again, take cloths out of the wash and put into the spinner. Now, for every load, you wanna SPLIT it in half to spit. For example, if you just washed four pairs of thin pants, put two in at a time. ( The spin side is smaller anyway ) Five shirts, two first, then three next. Towels ONE AT A TIME. The hand towels and etc, I spin all at once , or split in two loads, it works fine. Then hang up or throw in dryer if you have one. Now it was dead of summer where I live when I got this and its cooled now to 80s ... our clothes take the entire day to dry, unless you got a fan blowing on it. I have hung laundry on hangers for more then ten years, so this does not bother me. I know I have said lots here but I truly love this machine. It has saved money at the laundrymat and saves energy... however, be prepared to be messing with your machine quite awhile on laundry day unless you use it for washing odds and ends. Also, I would STRONGLY advise NOT using any liquid fabric softner. I am very sensitive to the stuff personally, but can tell ya, this machine doesn't really get it out real well. Good luck!
Yes, you add water for the wash, add clothes and soap, run the wash cycle, drain, add water for the rinse, run through the wash cycle again without soap, drain. Take the clothes out of washer, squeeze a bit, put them into the spin section and run. The clothes are very clean and get as dry as they would from a regular washer spin cycle. Much easier for me than washing by hand. Tip: you only need a very small amount of soap, Even a little too much soap and you'll probably have to rinse several times.
If your sink nozzle is small enough for the hose to hook up to. Mine isn't, but I use it in the bathroom anyway.
I use bleach and hot water with no issues other than inlet hose needs additional clamp to stay on faucet when using hot water ... Hope this helps ;-)
7
It's a small enough machine so you can hide it in your closet when not in use. Not too noisy either. Water usage is about 1.5-2 buckets full of water, plus what you use for rinsing. It's less than what you'd use filling up your bathtub for a bath... When I use this, I use the method we used to use when I was a child and haven't had an automated washer. This method will save you water, too. : Fill the washer part with water. Warmer water should be used for whites. Fill up a bucket or a children size tub with colder water for rinsing. Separate your laundry by colours, and start the wash with whites. When the whites are done, twist them over the washer, so the water will stay in the washer, then put the laundry into the bucket filled for rinsing. Then put the next, darker coloured bunch of laundry into the same water in the washer. Wash it, and during that rinse you whites in the bucket, then twist or squeeze them before placing them in the spining part of the machine. Once spinned, shake the items to reduce wrinkles, then hang them on a drying rack or wire or hanger to dry. Same to do with the darker colours. As you get ahead with the process, the water temperature will be reduced as well by time. You'll save water, gas or electricity to heat the water and probably time as well. As said earlier, for one wash for all or most colours you use less water than using by having a bath or a long shower. Obviously if it is more than one person's laundry, you might need a bit more water and time, but the amount of water used will be still less than having a bath each. I hope this helps. And one more thing. Sometimes landlords don't want washers installed in apartments, because of lack of space or because they are afraid of leakage. I can assure you that you can spill more water by handwashing your stuff at home in the bathroom than by using this washer carefully, not to mention that those landlords would not think of such options as this portable washer. I'd might go to my landlord and ask for permission, rather than hiding it and doing laundry secretly. But all circumstances differ as all people are different.
"22.83 x 14.17 x 25.59"", 28 lbs, 110 V"
I purchased the Panda Small Compact Portable Washing Machine several months ago and I debated the same thing and in the end the Spin Dryer is what sold me on this purchase. I love it!!! The clothes come out almost dry, I just hang them up and in no time they are completely dry. The beauty is that, if I want to wash a load in the middle of the night in my jammies, I do it. Wonderful purchase!!!
At the most 9-10 inchs. It can fall off the bench then useing the spin dryer. So take care and keep your eye on it. You might bungy cord it to the bench (I would). Be safe not sorry. ( 9-10 inchs is the top of the washer when lid is open. (lid only). May. from washington state.
I do. But, I also put delicate in net washing bag first and set the timer for 3 to 5 mins. Am very VERY happy with the Panda washer. I got the panda just for that reason I wash alot of delicates and white tops and I dont care to use my large washer for one or two things.I also found after useing the panda my washer is not cleaning very well. time for a new one I guess. Happy in wssh. May Green.
Yes,there is a button for light.
Yes, it is rechargeale in car.And include USB cable!
It's small, about 4-5 inches tall. Holds about 1/2 cup of water. Fits in a car cup holder.
NO, This not need wicks or filters!
NO, This not need wicks or filters!
This is plastic and print wood on surface!
No, but it has 2 settings. One for continuous diffusing, and one for intermittent. I can run it wide open for 12+ hours. Hope this helps!
This one!
No
yes
Yes
I had the same problem with mine and sent it back. My second one has to both green lights on
Yes. I use lemon in mine during the day. (Citrus (mostly lemon)Not recommended for night use- it will keep you awake.
The white lights on the bottom can be, but not the blue lights on the front.
Metal, with a magnetic strip on the bottom that keeps it firmly in place. Used with Granite Counter tops.. Works GREAT !
You get one for that price.
It has T shape, magnet at the bottom, 20 1/2 length and 1 1/2 width
It is shiny gloss. It matches the black on my stove well.
The ones I ordered did not cost this much.
I think you might have a problem with it staying in place once it is cut and probably scratch the fridge. It is a metal material.
Each color will have its own listing.
I would get two of these and use stick on magnetic strip to adhere to the fridge.
Upon arrival and my first placement of the gaps covers, I though they needed a little trimming. But knowing once cut apart they could not be rejoined, I placed them in different poistions over the course of a couple days, and quickly realized they looked perfect and did their job great. Just be sure to place the magnetic side against the stove, not the countertop. If they still need a trim, I suggest you use very sharp, and high quality utility scissors to ensure a smooth cut.
"We only have the 20 1/2"" long x 1 1/2"" wide size. It is available in white, black and beige."
the one that I have is not clear glass but more on the tinted side
This is Island mount. Before you install, please note in one of the reviews the gentleman was very gracious to provide correct installation instructions as the directions provided are not very good. We like ours.
Yes. You can cut the brackets.
Yes. 3 speeds.
I have never understood this saying. Of all the chickens I've ever had, none of them have ever hatched, only their eggs. I will keep watching them though and hope for the best. It will be pretty cool when one of them does!
It's obviously a plot by Big Ovum to get you to buy seven dozen eggs at a time and keep them in your six egg minders.
In Canada, any type or colour of eggs will do. In the U.S., I'm not so sure.
Depends on what 'time of the month' it is. She will have to keep close track on an old fashioned calendar.
It's like buying insurance, a lot can go wrong even if they are eggs! If it makes you feel any better, you will make your money back after 39 cartons of eggs. Perhaps you can purchase eggs that are more expensive, that way you can get your money's worth a lot sooner.
No! But you will need several trays as only 1/3 of an egg will fit in each compartment. Also, I would suggest reducing the expected freshness date.
whackers are more a problem than hackers. I perform virus check by randomly throwig eggs at cars driving by and checking for digital dripping. This is essential to insure that you are on good terms with the local constabulary. Most essential, is Add SPAM
Very good, Anne! The world could use more of us!
There are sensors in the bottom of every egg well. So when you place an egg into a well it notes the date of the event. The clock starts ticking on the respective egg well. However, if you remove the egg and replace it with the same egg the clock starts over and the egg minder will assume it is a fresh egg.
Only if you're left-handed.
Yes, this will work with a horizontal vent. However, the vent hole (to the outside) needs to be towards the top of the ceiling to work directly with the equipment supplied with the system. Otherwise you will have to obtain a shorter vent duct for it to work. The long tube supplied will not be able to make the turn if the base is to close to the horizontal vent duct.
"Two 18"" pieces that slide to fit the area you need. I'm a contractor and installed this in my kitchen. Very impressed with quality for the price. Very powerful fan and bright LED lights."
It has fan speed buttons that you must manually select to turn the fan on/ff.
You remove the screens in front of the lights, the filters screw into two plastic mounts and lock in, I believe they screw in counter clockwise. Not very easy but doable.
My electrician connected it to the source where the over the stove microwave was.
760 cfm
I would call Firebird Imports and ask.
The exhaust extension is adjustable
"Yes, I think so, just leave off the second piece. I have an 8 ft ceiling so I used both sections (one full and one 8"")."
Mine is vertical venting. The unit looks beautiful in my kitchen. It's difficult to install; reason is that the lower chimney is attached to the base unit and to mount the 2 screw holes in the back is not easy.
"About 24"". The vent has a retractable/removable extension. For my 8' ceilings I took it off."
It capable of being ventless with air exchange on the side of the stack or vented through the ceiling at the top of the stack.
No its a 110 plug in
It comes with two basic, round, halogen bulbs. They can be found at Home Depot or Lowe's should they need replacing. The customer service folks at Kitchen Bath Collection are awesome! They will help you if you need it. This is a beautiful unit. We get compliments from all of our guests. I would recommend purchasing this unit if you have not already done so.
Yes you are right. Once you lay out where you want to put it you will be able to see what part will be covered and then you can install an outlet in that area. It's pretty easy
This item has recently been updated to have the lights in the front. To avoid confusion, please be sure to look at the date of posting for the review that you are reading. Thank you! Kitchen Bath Collection
Standard household voltage. Just plug and play
The width of the chimney is 8.75 inches. Thank you.
No
The back is open all the way up. The metal shaft only has there sides. The top of the metal shafts is also open. It come with a coil tube as well. You would have no problem having it go through a wall vent. However, you would need to mount it high enough that no one looks down the open top or make a cap. We love ours. Very very sharp! Well worth it.
"Before ordering the bearings (they are readily available) you might want to take apart the tub assy (parts list downloadable from Frigidaire) and you tube has excellent videos on exactly how to do it, make sure it is not also your ""spider assy"" attached to the drum.if broken then decide if you want to invest $330 in a new drum with spider attached (THE SPIDERS ARE ABSOLUTELY NOT SOLD SEPARATELY) big bummer; if you want to go ahead then also replace bearings. Good luck ! Mike"
"Hi Kevin. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Frigidaire-131525500-replacement/dp/B00GS6CRRO/ref=sr_1_1?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1431034083&sr=1-1&keywords=131525500 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
Hi Charles. This is the correct set for your washer. Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James.
No you don't need to grease them they are sealed.
Look up Yellow Van Handy Man or British James
I have a model fwt449gfso. They are the correct bearings for that model and a number of other models also. I can not say that these are the correct ones for your machine or not. I cross checked with different suppliers to make sure they fit my model before I ordered them. You should make sure that the shaft on the spider is not worn before you sink any money into your unit. I didn't and am out the cost of the bearings and seal. To check the condition of the shaft simply move the basket up and down and in and out. There should be no play when you do this. If there is then there is a good chance the shaft is shot. Good luck!
"Hi Rene. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Frigidaire-131525500-replacement/dp/B00GS6CRRO/ref=sr_1_2?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1420153057&sr=1-2&keywords=131525500 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I can ship tomorrow. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
Hi Jacki. I'm going to need the model number. It should be located behind the door on a sticker. I know I have them but I want to make sure you end up with the correct set. Cheers, James.
No
If you order the parts sold from Auto Express Parts they will ask you your washer model number before they ship the bearings
I don't remember the brand, but they were a quality bearing
I am not sure, but look up the seller's phone number and call him. He is very helpful and I recommend buying from him
Hi. No they are not the OEM. The originals were not OEM either. Whirlpool was the manufacturer of your washer but they buy the bearings and seals from other companies. The bearings and seals I get are much better than the rubbish Whirlpool put in them in the first place. Thats why they fail. I have personally done well over 500 of these installs myself. Thats why all my seals are flush so they don't collect water. I hope this helps. Thanks, James.
Not sure one bearing fits the other rear bearing doesn't
"Hi Robert. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GSES3ZG Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
Strangely enough I do. I bought the bearing kit but never installed it. Bought a new washer instead. Do you want the kit?
"Hi John. Hi I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00JV1PFRM Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
"Hi Helina. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GSES3ZG Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
I purchased the outer tub bearings and seal from frontloadbearings.com. This sight belongs to a British gentleman named James who is very helpful. He has a series of videos to help you change out these parts. My wife and I successfully changed ours out in our garage. James sells high quality parts which I recommend considering the amount of time and effort required to change them.
I honestly don't know if that is the correct bearing. That is the hardest part- getting the correct parts. It is relatively easy to punch the bearings out and replace them. Look at a YouTube video or two and print out some detailed directions off a website. Stay organized, do it all in the same day, and have someone strong to help with the tub and it's pretty easy. Good luck.
Worked well for me. If you are not good with tools don't even try. You basically take the entire washer apart. All in all simple from my prospective, it was First time for me as well.
"Hi Mary. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Whirlpool-W10243941-replacement/dp/B00GSEPIYK/ref=sr_1_3?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1430754235&sr=1-3&keywords=W10243941 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
Hi Mark. The w10253864 is incorrect the kit you need is w10253866. Here is the link http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Whirlpool-W10253866-replacement/dp/B00PP0M08U/ref=sr_1_3?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1430678193&sr=1-3&keywords=W10253866 Thanks, James.
Hi I don't supply grease with any of my kits but you will need a small tube of white lithium grease for the inner diameter of the seal. Please see my videos http://www.frontloadbearings.com/front-load-washer-videos/ Thanks, James.
"Hi Mark. I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Whirlpool-W10253866-replacement/dp/B00PP0M08U/ref=sr_1_3?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1430676178&sr=1-3&keywords=W10253866 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I can ship tomorrow. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
"Hi. This is the correct kit for your washer. Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I still have time to ship them today. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
"Hi I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Whirlpool-W10290562-replacement/dp/B00GSEW2LM/ref=sr_1_2?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1429995676&sr=1-2&keywords=W10290562 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I can ship Monday. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
"Hi I do have the ones you need. Here is the link for the correct set for your washer. http://www.amazon.com/Front-Load-Whirlpool-W10285625-replacement/dp/B00GSEUQMY/ref=sr_1_1?m=A18IQC9U3X2NXS&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1429303057&sr=1-1&keywords=W10285625 Thanks for double checking with your model number. It's appreciated. WARNING!!!!! There are other sellers now selling low grade cheap Chinese knock offs of my bearing sets. Please be sure you are buying from ""FRONT LOAD WASHER BEARING KITS"" when you check out. I am the only seller giving a 5 year warranty. I have them in stock and I can ship tomorrow. Many thanks. Cheers, James."
Yes. Installation is quite easy. Remove back access panel & unplug electrical connector. Remove original drain tube and press new connector and drain tube into place. Search instructional videos on You Tube (very helpful)
Yes it does come with the spacer.
The kit is one size fits both...They used to be keyed, but that no longer seems to be the case.... M
It should. http://www.whirlpoolpartsonline.com/modellookup/index/thirdstep/keyword/GX5FHTXVY010/model_no/GX5FHTXVY010/model_id/631173/diagram_id/10316138ould.
Yes it does.
"I have a 4 door 36"" whirlpool, but the model # is slightly different (mine has a 0 on the end instead of a 2, and the second 5 in your model # is a F in mine). I suspect they are the same model, just a slight variation. This part fit mine and has not leaked since. I installed it several months ago. Be sure to defrost all the ice in the back of the freezer compartment (behind the panel) or it will still leak."
"My whirlpool gold is 36"" This part is working great so far. installed it about 2 months ago. It was really easy to do by the way. Highly recommended!!! Sorry I was away and forgot the size of my fridge."
Yes
It should. With a combination of unclogging my drain and installing this part it Fixed my leaking problem
Have not had any leaks and it has been over six months since it was installed.
Hi Badrudin, Yes Goedekers ships these to anywhere in the State of Georgia. Melanie with Goedekers.
"Overall Width: 35 3/4"" Overall Width (Door Open 90 with Handle): 45"" Overall Width (Door Open 90 without Handle): 40"" Overall Depth: 36 1/4"" Overall Depth without Handles: 33 3/4"" Overall Depth without Door: 29 1/2"" Overall Depth (Total with Door Open): 48 1/8"" Overall Height: 70 1/4"" Overall Height To Top Of Case: 68 3/4"" thank you"
If they are the same, then it should have the same model no. As far as I know, LMX30995ST is 30.3 cu. ft. and is discontinued product per LG. LMXS30776S is 29.7 cu. ft. per Home Depot. The design of the freezers are different for both models. Please spend some time to compare them under lg.com yourself.
They brought it in and hooked it up. But we hooked up the water.
Sadly after trying to order twice and paying for it they refunded me so we are looking elsewhere
"The answer for both questions is ""NO""."
shipping weight is around 380lbs
Do you mean installed? What needs to be fixed? If it is not working properly you will have to call LG check owners booklet
This model is only available in stainless steel.
It is designed for small loads; I may say between 4 and 5 lbs. no more. I've washed: Pants (size 31x32), 2 T-shirts (medium), underwear (3 pieces), socks (two pairs) at once. You have to learn to balance the water level (low,medium,high) with the type of clothes (and fabrics) you want to wash.
"Product Details: Voltage 110V 60Hz Input Power: 135W Size: 22""(H) x 15"" x 15"" High Water Level : 45L / 12 Gallon Low Water Level: 35L / 9 Gallon Load capacity : 9Lbs Easy to operate, and powerful Just fill with water and set timer Ideal for small loads and delicates, such as underwear, socks, T-shirts, towels, etc... Perfect for Apartments, Dorms, Travel ,your second washer at home"
Yes indeed, it does have a drain hose. Also it has another hose to plug-in on the sink faucet and on the top of the machine to fill it either with hot, warm or cold water. thank you very much
Only a washer. There is no spin cycle so you will need something to spin or wring them.
It's a mere washing machine, does not spin dry the clothes. Water drains through a hose located on the right side of the device.
No. It does not have particular cycles. You just have to add clean water and set the timer again, so it will rinse just the way it washes. But it does a good job washing and rinsing. But no special rinse cycle. It is a very plain and simple machine.
The length of the drain hose is About14 inches and remember it is a portable machine and does not fit into a regular washing machine wall drain
It depends on the level and fabric of clothes. If a full load in this machine of knits such as tee shirts and light knit pants, use about one third of liguid detergent described f for full load in regular washing machine. Liguid seems to desolve better and faster. Very similar to regular machine for choice of detergent. ( While draining from wash,and almost empty, take hand held shower and run through the clothes for a few minutes). Then, replace drain and fill and rinse cycle as usual.. This is one handy machine..
No
I would say about 10 lbs.
Wall
I never had this problem. My guess is it's defective or maybe a wiring problem. Sorry, not much help. The hood we installed works and looks great. So, I'm guessing it's a defect of some kind.
Unplug the gas sensor that is located under the filters towards the front of the unit. The connector that you unplug comes off of the round circular perforated part on the front.
No that's the problem. The grease goes up through the grids and appears to collect on them--- ok so far because the grids must be cleaned every time the fan is used. This works well because of the ever time cleaning. IF YOU DON'T CLEAN THEM EVERY TIME THEN THE GREAS WILL BUILD UP PASSING TO THE INSIDE
No it does not. You will need the vent/baffle piece that would mount to your exterior wall - and you need metal ducting. It comes with plastic which even the manual says is not appropriate.
The hood range matchs my SS appliances and looks beautiful
We did it with the one it came with. .. it's been holding up for us.
Yes, it comes with an extension. It could likely fit a 10' ceiling.
It doesn't come with 8 feet of chimney. It fits ceiling heights of between 8-8.5 feet. Meaning you use the 2 stainless pieces to make up the distance to the ceiling from the top of the hood.
Hi - we had a similar problem and contacted the company. They were extremly helpful and replaced the unit . A pain shipping it back but the replacement was quick and the second unit works perfectly .
Hello, All Mylar bags must be heat-sealed to be effective. There are a few ways of doing this but I think the most common is to simply use a household iron. I have also heard of using a hair iron, which should work as long as it gets hot enough. The recommended sealing temperature is 400 degrees. They sell impulse sealers that work well but are not really worth it unless you plan on sealing a lot of bags. We usually recommend you rotate your food supply every year or two by actually using it. However, when properly sealed, low moisture food like you are storing can stay fresh indefinitely as it is protected from oxidation, bugs, light, mold, and oxygen dependent organisms. If you plan on extended storage, be sure to use quality American Mylar as small holes in the foil layer can let oxygen in whether the bag has been punctured or not, no matter how thick the entire laminate material is. A Long-Term Food Storage Guide is included with PackFresh products and you are always welcome to send us your questions as well. Have a great day!
No you don't use them all at once, just reseal the bag the absorbers come it with a hair iron or regular iron. Just be careful when you cut the package to access the absorbers because you want to leave enough room to reseal.
THESE BAGS ARE 4.5 .MILLS THICK.
"Sure, I am happy to. There is a popular misconception that there is one Mylar film and the thicker, the better. Actually, there are many kinds of Mylar films which consist of layers of different materials that serve different purposes. Mylar itself is a transparent member of the polyester family that is remarkably strong. The Mylar in this film has a bursting strength of 69 pounds per square inch so it can withstand a lot of abuse. In order to make the film a protective barrier to oxygen, a foil layer is added. (oxygen cannot go through glass or metal) This foil layer can be disturbed by folding, moving or filling the bag and you can sometimes see a scratch or a separation during regular use but these are not holes in the film and do not significantly effect the performance of the bag. Mylar bags from Pack Fresh are made here in Southern California and have never been shipped until you buy them. That is how we can afford to compete with the other discount ""mylar"" that comes from China. There are some enlightening Washington Post articles that should make it clear why American-made products such as those from Pack Fresh are superior. Have a great day and please let us know if you have further questions."
If each O2 absorber is hard it is no good. If each is like sand and pliable it is still good. Although they may be several in a bulk pack, you will have to open the package and check them individually. But keep in mind, if they have hardened, they still are of a small limited use and combined with other absorbers may do an ample job. LDC
No a boiling liquid would be bad.
no, you would need a 'Faraday cage' type of environment, usually made of copper wires that will intercept the current and send it to a ground thus bypassing the electronics
Hello, I am glad you asked this here so that others can read this as well because this pops up from time to time. Mylar is one of the toughest flexible materials ever created. The film we use to make these can take the weight of two and a half cinder blocks EVERY square inch... and folding does not hurt it. (Still, we do ship orders of 3 or more in a large box as long as it is not Fulfilled by Amazon) But Mylar film is transparent. It looks metallic because a separate layer of aluminum has been added to the Mylar. Normal use, even filling it or moving it, will cause tiny breaks in the foil layer that you may sometimes see if you hold it to the light - but don't worry, they are not holes. This happens with all Mylarfoil films and their barrier properties are not significantly effected . I'm glad you didn't forget your best friend! We are now including extra absorbers in all our sets, which is better for items like dog food that have a lot of interstitial air. Merry Christmas!
There is NO measurements listed for either the 1 or 5 gallon bag. Having used mylar before, I believe these bags to be of the 7 mil thickness. They are heavy stock! Charles
From what I understand if you have. 5 ml thick and it is indeed true mylar, I think it won't matter. But to be on safe side go to Lowes they sell white food grade buckets for 2.90 get 5 or more they are even cheaper.
The Range is not dishwasher safe as per FAQ on the their website. I have grilled frequently with it, though it cannot be put into direct contact with flame or temperatures over 450 degrees.
Yes! Range works with any combination of iPhone, iPad and iPod touch that is running iOS 5.1 or newer. Connect Range to one device and you'll get alerts on all the rest.
Range needs to be plugged into an iOS device to work. You can use Range with iPhone, iPad or iPod touch (compatible with iOS 5.1+).
Supermechanical is a small team -we focused on one platform to be able to maintain our standard of quality.
Hi there! Unfortunately, Android devices from different manufacturers have their headphone jacks wired differently (the microphone pin is flipped with ground, to be technical), so it'd be impossible for us to support them all. Thank you for your interest in Range.
I think remote notifications are all handled within the Apple servers, so I think that only iOS devices would get them. That question may be better answered by the manufacturer.
No
The turquoise one (made for candy-making or beer-making) has a round tip; the red one (made for meats) has a sharp tip
Every Range thermometer is accurate to 1 at 135F. In the current version of the Range app (1.2.2) user calibration isn't an option, but we'll be adding it in a future update.
Range is made with the best thermistor available, so it can truly pull the double duty of being both an instant read AND leave-in thermometer.
Very substantial for its small size you could store 3 20 pound turkeys with room to spare
It's just a freezer.
Is only a freezer
It is the Amps
It probably can, but mines is on house
Juliana, I ordered the 2.2 Midea freezer and when it arrived the exterior size was much larger than I had expected. It would not fit in the space I had available. I returned the freezer and no longer have my correspondence on this freezer. Summary, I recall that the interior cubic inches was less than 2.2. More like 2.1. As you can see, the difference was minimal (that is what I remember). I liked the freezer very much and had the exterior dimensions been adequate I would have kept the freezer. Good luck with your decision. PS: Found Amazon return process 'excellent.' I am a hard grader! Using a yard stick I checked the interior and exterior dimensions. As I recall, the inter
would like to help. but, I sent mine back. freezer did not meet size expectations (believe Amazon has modified product dimensions and they are now correct)
The ice is about the size of a playing marble...maybe a little bigger, with a hole through the center. I hope this helps.
Sure it will melt and recycle it's self. I leave mine on 24/7 if I don't use the ice in the tray it will melt into water and begin making new ice.
No, mine did not have a plastic taste or smell.
I don't think you are doing anything wrong, but try switching back to large and see if there is a difference.
It makes 8-9 cubes every 7-10 minutes. It will hold appox. 7-9 batches.
115vac 3 prong, 2 amps when dumping ice into bin, 1.6 amps while making ice. So far it's working great in my rv. I only checked previous questions and copied this answer here, sorry, I can't lift it to read, but this seems correct. It's a great little unit if a little noisy...Hope this is helpful. Viv
Remakes. The ice bin is over the water reservoir so it just melts back into there.
"http://www.air-n-water.com/product/ab-ice26s.htm#resp-tabs4 - this site has the manual if you scroll down the page, you'll find a tab with ""resources"" on it. Click on the tab and the owners manual will come up."
Sure, it does not draw that much current.
yes - within minutes you have your first cubes - 7 of em
Super easy! Pull out plug in bottom of machine. Fits easily over the sink just enough to drain, but isn't off balance to fall. Drains completely.
It has a water repository at the front/bottom and once you use the already made ice, it brings up more water to create additional water. I love this machine, and my kids love it even more. They find it amusing to watch water go up and become ice. Hope this helps. Steve
"No it does not. It's a strictly ""pour in"" water tank."
"The difference between the large and small is simply girth. They are about 1"" long and 3/4"" to 1"" wide but taper smaller toward the closed end. The ice isn't teeth shattering hard, but I wouldn't call it soft either."
The collor of the machine. Black, Silver and Red
You have to empty the ice. The ice maker and the ice it produces are wonderful! It has saved us so much money buying ice every week. I highly recommend it.
its like a regular ice maker occassionally makes noise when building ice.. however thats when it is working properly.. I had the unit for 7 months and now its make a ugly loud sort of grinding noise and does not work any more
It is fairly narrow in width. 11 x 14.8 x 14.7 inches
Make sure the basket is fully seated down. The sensor is the clear little bulb on the right side. Make sure it has no obstructions. Or packaging tape on it from when you opened it.
Yes they do.
They are round with a hole in them, they are not clear
They will all be the large size. But just so you know.. there is not great deal of size difference between the large and small. The way that the maker works it fills an area with water then it lowers 9 rods into the water and it begins freezing in layers, so all of your ice comes out round and is hollow in the center. Once the freezing time elapses the rods go back up and the ice is pushed into the basket for serving. I hope this helps.
No, it will burn it up.
I would not call it noisy but you can hear it run. The compressor makes a soft noise while running and every 6 minutes you hear the ice dropping in the basket. Nothing about the noise it makes is excessive in my opinion.
I think you might have bad water, but I have cleaned it all over periodically with diluted bleach.
You could freeze bags to have them for the weekend. You would just have to smack the bag on the ground a bit just like any bag of ice to break them up.
About half a gallon.
110 only
I bought two and gave them as gifts so I can't answer about them specifically. However, another person I know that has an ice maker does keep his outside, more to keep his beer cold than anything else. Yes, it can act as a cooler but like a cooler, the ice will melt quicker. And like a cooler, keep it out of the sun.
It makes ice rather quickly, about 10 cubes every 7 minutes or so (that's just a guess). Problem is the bucket the ice goes in is small, and once it's full it stops making ice until you empty it. So, if you stood there and babysat it, emptying the ice into your ice bin every 20 minutes or so, you could fill a large bin in less than 2 hours. The ice that comes out is only 32 degrees (and melting), and the ice bin in your refrigerator is usually around zero degrees so the ice will stick together as it cools down. My guess is one refill of water would be all you need to stock up your refrigerator.
"Overall Width: 27"" Overall Depth: 29 3/4"" Overall Depth with Door Open: 51"" Overall Height: 38 11/16"""
the particular delivery company that delivered mine did not haul away old appliance. it was delivered by Old Dominion freightlines
Yes I believe so but it will cost more.
Yes they are stackable. It does require a stacking kit. We do sell them for $35. Give us a call to add it to your order. Thank You.
The cords are very easy to obtain at any local appliance store or big box hardware store(Lowe's, Home Depot ect.) You need to figure out if you need a 3 or 4 prong dryer cord. We do sell dryer cords you can contact me if you would like me to add it to your order, although we do not sell the venting.
Dryers do not come with power cords or venting. This is the industry standard due to each home being different. The washer comes with hoses. There is a one year manufacturer warranty, we offer 2 and 4 year extended warranties.
Since I started looking for a portable washer, I decided to weigh some of my clothes. Shortsleeve shirts weigh about .8 lb, long sleeve shirts are about a pound. Blue jeans are about 3 lbs, lighter slacks are about 2 lbs. IIRC, this one accommodates 11 lbs of clothes so do the math. I have not found a video nor any reviews.
The item has a one year manufacturer warranty. As a seller, my part is making sure the item is shipped out quickly and that you receive it in good condition. We can also help make sure that you get support from the manufacturer in case there is any trouble. If you decide that you no longer want the item, you may return the item within 30 days of purchase. Return shipping costs are your responsibility.
"I did a web search on the model number, and at a site elsewhere, it was listed as ""Energy Star Compliant"", and a second site (a wholesale site) listed the watts as 320."
Yes
I find it most effective when I add the fabric softener at the rinse cycle at 12 minutes left to go
"With the water lines attached and the unit pushed against my wall, it measures 23.5"". It does a surprisingly good job on a 39 minute cycle and fits in my bathroom closet."
Yes it drains completely n clothes are just pretty much damp. I washed 4 pairs of jeans in one load n they dried completely over night. Happy with this purchase. However it arrived with 4 dents in it from shipper n I have a warranty on it.
It's the same white flexible hose. Not steel
"do not buy this machine- mine arrived damaged and the company ""sold in milwaukee"" give me the run around for weeks. so now i'm stuck with it."
I don't think so. ... I wouldn't try that with this machine. .... it's really simple to just hook the hose to the faucet
My paperwork describes it as KemPure Model RFC0600A
"The filter is assembled in an ISO 9001* quality controlled facility in China. The actual coconut shell carbon filter - the part that does that actual filtering - is made in the USA. * ""The ISO 9000 family addresses various aspects of quality management and contains some of ISO's best known standards. The standards provide guidance and tools for companies and organizations who want to ensure that their products and services consistently meet customer's requirements, and that quality is consistently improved."" ISO"
Not sure. My model # is PFSS5RJZH. GE Profile.
Mike, According to the paperwork sent with the filter it is NSF53 certified. Also certified for NSF42 whatever that means. Jim
I did not completely shut off the water main or the line to the fridge when changing the filter out, everything was fine. That said, lines, pressure, backflow and the like can be different from kitchen to kitchen, so what works for one may not work for all. Feel free to try it, but I'd recommend being prepared with some thick towels and unfettered access to the valve leading to your fridge, just in case things go terribly wrong. ;-)
"It replaces the ""GE MWF Refrigerator Water Filter, 1-Pack"" so if that's what your fridge would normally take...I would say yes."
"Some GE models require you to ""reset"" de filter, holding the button for 3 seconds."
All depends on water quality before filter, how often you use. Rule of thumb is 6 months, or when you start noticing pressure loss.
The water flow definitely increased but my husband also got in there and cleaned out a bunch of crud - which is what we attributed the increased flow to. I got this fridge with the house 5 years ago, at which point it was already 3 years old! I'm a horrible homeowner so until I married my husband, this didn't get any attention. Sooo....I can't really say because I haven't used a fresh GE one. That being said, the water smelt and tasted great after we installed this. I compared the water I poured through a Brita filter to the water through this filter and the smell and taste was night and day - way better with the WaterFall filter!
Not at all. Maybe 5 min
Yes. You can have multiple Lyric in your house and connected to the same app.
"I just chatted with a representative at honeywell - he has indicated they are the same product, however, the TH is ""contractor only"" and the RC is the retail consumer model. He was not able to elaborate on what made it contractor only, so I purchased the TH model and am hoping for the best. I will update if i encounter difficulty installing."
Yes
Yes this will.
It does not. The Lyric uses the internet connection to get local weather conditions based on zip code, but not hyper local conditions.
Any time you like - minute by minute. We love it - very straight forward and easy yo both install and operate.
Hello. You are able to set standards for geofencing so you shouldn't have an issue.
Yes it does. http://9to5mac.com/2014/06/10/apples-homekit-partner-honeywell-launches-lyric-smart-thermostat-nest-competitor/
yes
I don't know but I would advise against the product. It lasted less than 4 months and Honeywell refused to send another or give a refund. It was installed by a qualified HVAC pro and he tested and verified that it was not the system and was a faulty thermostat. Get a Nest or other competitor.
No, but i cant imagine that the brand would matter since the filter connects to the water line before it gets to the fridge
Woder 5K Inline water filter removes 99.99% of contaminants, ie mercury, Chlorine, Contaminants, lead, heavy metals, volatile organic compounds, toxic TTHMs and VOCs. Powerful multi-blends of catalysts remove unwanted and unhealthy mater from your water source without leaking. It is a Class 1 Filter that removes 99.99% of Unwanted Microorganisms, Disinfectants, Disinfection Byproducts, Inorganic Chemicals, Organic Chemicals and Radionuclides. Woder Undersink Water Filter is an Antimicrobial Water Treatment Unit (Granulated carbon with an anti-microbial agent ) of Premium Quality Water Filtration That Exceeds Industry Standards of Both NSF and ANSI. As Mentioned on The Filter Itself, The Inert Ingredient Is 'Clearbrook Gen II Formula'. Being bacteriostatic or maintaining bacteriostasis is important in any filter because it keeps organisms from self forming in filters like the algae and and various parasites similar to what you find in swimming pools once chemicals diminish. The test protocols are not published. The description itself as seen on Amazon makes a summary of the reports. The formula is tested to the EPA Protocol for Microbiological Purifiers by the University of Arizona and by Spectrum Labs in accordance with the relevant ANSI/NSF Protocols. The Woder is manufactured for removal of VOCs and Heavy Metals. It is a granular form filter with integrated diffuser that keeps the water from channeling which is typical of this type filter. In addition, the formula is of the type that is used in industrial applications for removal of high volumes at larger concentrations of contaminants. Obviously...these industrial impacts are not typically found in drinking water so the capacity of the filter is extended
Granulated carbon with an anti-microbial agent
The Woder Fridge Filter fits neatly behind the fridge or anywhere along the water line.
If your fridge requires that the original filter be installed in order for water to flow, just buy a new one and leave it in. Woder 5K Fridge Filter will filter out contaminants BEFORE they ever get to the OEM filter. So you won't have to buy another for a full 36 MONTHS. We call our filter 'Refrigerator Technician's best kept secret'.
"The Woder 5K Inline Water Filter for Ice ice makers and refrigerators is compatible with ALL brands as it connected anywhere along the water line. It comes with everything that is needed for installation, including John Guess (""JG"") connectors for 1/4"" hoses (almost 100% of domestic refrigerator's tubing is 1/4""). It comes with easy-to-understand installation instructions and and takes only minutes to install. In addition, we have produced a ""how to install"" video on our website. If your fridge requires that the original filter be installed in order for water to flow, just buy a new one and leave it in. The Woder will filter out contaminants before they ever get to the OEM filter. So you won't have to buy another for a full three years."
Yes, of course. The Woder Fridge Filter fits behind the fridge or anywhere along the water line. Therefore, it can replace your Maytag UKF8001 Pur Refrigerator Water filter. Also, the Woder 5K is an alternative for GE GWF, GWFA, GWF01, GWF06, MWFA, Whirlpool 4396841, 4396842 and 8212650, Samsung DA29-00020B, Samsung DA29-00003G, Whirlpool W10295370A, Whirlpool 4396710P, Samsung DA29-00020B, Frigidaire WF3CB, Frigidaire ULTRAWF, Whirlpool 4396508, Whirlpool 4396710, PUR W10186667, Whirlpool W10295370, Whirlpool W10413645A, Maytag UKF-8001, UKF8001AXX, UKF8001AXXT, UKF8001AXX-750, UFK8001AXX-750, 67003526, 67003527, 67003528, 8171032, 8171249, 469005750, 469005-750, 46-9005-750, 469006750, 469006-750, 46-90006-750, LG 5231JA2006A, Kenmore 46-9690, Frigidaire PureSource WF1CB, RF100, RG100, NGRG2000, RF-100, RG-100, NGRG-2000, 218994101, 218717805, 240389101 , 240389102, 240394501, SWF1CB, WFB, Sears Kenmore 9910, 469910, 46-9910, 9910P, LG LT500P, DA29-00003A DA29-00003B DA29-00003G HAFCU1, MWF GWF HWF 46-9991 WSG-1 WF287 EFF-6013A, WSG-1, Maytag UKF7003, Whirlpool 4396508P, W10186668 Whirlpool, Whirlpool 4396701, 9915, LG LT700P, Electrolux EWF01, WSS-2 Refrigerator, DA29-00003A, DA29-00003B DA29-00003G DA29-00003F HAFCU1, Frigidaire WF1CB Replacement Filter, DA29-00020B, Bosch 9000194412 Ultra Clarity Refrigerator Water Filter, Whirlpool 4396710 For Kenmore PUR Ultimate II Refrigerator Filter (9030), Whirlpool 4396510 Quarter Turn Cyst-Reducing Side-by-Side Refrigerator Water Filter, Whirlpool 4396510P Quarter-Turn Cyst-Reducing Side-by-Side Refrigerator Water Filter, Water Sentinel WSL-3 Replacement Fridge Filter, Whirlpool PUR Adv'd Fridge Filter W10295370, Samsung DA29-00020B-4 Refrigerator Water Filter, Ge Appliance Parts RPWF GE Smartwater Filter, Kenmore 46-9010, Amana 12527304 for WF30, WF40, WF401, WF401S, WF401P, WF401T, 12527301, 12527302, 12527303, 12527305, 12527307, 12527309, 12527504, 12388401, 12388402, 12388403, 12388406, 12388407, 12319801, 67003634, 46-9014, 469014, 9014, 9014P, 46-9904, 469904, 9904, 9904P, 04609904000 and 04609014000, the Amana / Cuno 12527304 / WF401 and more!!!
'Woder' is a Clearbrook LLC / Sunrise Solutions LLC's Brand Name. The Woder website address can be found easily on each filter (Woder dot biz). Woder Filters manufactured using NSF listed components and in compliance with NSF standards. The people of Woder believe a costly certification by NSF does not provide the consumer any value, rather it only serves to increase the cost of each unit. In addition, since NSF Certifications are not required (by any Governmental Agency) in order to market water filtration products, Woder chose to keep consumer costs down while maintaining high production & filtration standards. All of Woder filters either meet or exceed NSF filtration standards & protocols for each respective filter. Woder filters are EPA certified. Woder's inline water filter (Woder 5K), is EPA certified (EPA Est. No. 51160-Al01). The filter itself is made in the USA and supervised by the relevant authorities. Woder 5K removes 99.99% of contaminants, ie mercury, Chlorine, Contaminants, lead, heavy metals, volatile organic compounds, toxic TTHMs and VOCs. Powerful multi-blends of catalysts remove unwanted and unhealthy mater from your water source without leaking. It is a Class 1 Filter that removes 99.99% of Unwanted Microorganisms, Disinfectants, Disinfection Byproducts, Inorganic Chemicals, Organic Chemicals and Radionuclides. Woder Undersink Water Filter is an Antimicrobial Water Treatment Unit (Granulated carbon with an anti-microbial agent ) of Premium Quality Water Filtration That Exceeds Industry Standards of Both NSF and ANSI. As Mentioned on The Filter Itself, The Inert Ingredient Is 'Clearbrook Gen II Formula'. Being bacteriostatic or maintaining bacteriostasis is important in any filter because it keeps organisms from self forming in filters like the algae and and various parasites similar to what you find in swimming pools once chemicals diminish. The test protocols are not published. The description itself as seen on Amazon makes a summary of the reports. The formula is tested to the EPA Protocol for Microbiological Purifiers by the University of Arizona and by Spectrum Labs in accordance with the relevant ANSI/NSF Protocols. The Woder is manufactured for removal of VOCs and Heavy Metals. It is a granular form filter with integrated diffuser that keeps the water from channeling which is typical of this type filter. In addition, the formula is of the type that is used in industrial applications for removal of high volumes at larger concentrations of contaminants. Obviously...these industrial impacts are not typically found in drinking water so the capacity of the filter is extended. It provides the ultimate solution for municipal water.
I can't say for certain but it would require cutting the plastic tubing and inserting the filter between the cut ends so you would need to have space for it. But, why do that since it's so simple to install outside the refrigerator?
You have received the correct filter. They have upgraded the housing. The JG fittings are now sonically welded to the housing.
